Credit Card 
Insurances
Product Disclosure Statement and 
Information Booklet
Effective 19 March 2025

32
Contents
Welcome ................................................................................................. 3
Things you need to understand ..................................................................3-13
Steps to access the Overseas Travel Policy .................................................... 4
Contact details ..................................................................................... back cover
How to make a claim ............................................................................................ 5
Helpful tips ...........................................................................................................12
Important Information .................................................................14-41
Who issues and insures this product? ............................................................14
Duty to take reasonable care not to make a misrepresentation ...............14
Policy conditions .................................................................................................16
Words with special meaning ............................................................................27
General exclusions ..............................................................................................35
Overseas Travel Policy ..................................................................42-61
Upgrades ........................................................................................62-71
Overseas Travel Policy for people aged 80 or over Upgrade .....................62
Existing medical conditions .............................................................................63
Extension of period of cover .............................................................................64
Increased rental vehicle insurance excess .....................................................64
Adventure Plus ....................................................................................................64
Motorcycle/Motorscooter/Quadbike Plus .....................................................65
Snow Extras .........................................................................................................66
Cruise Extras ........................................................................................................71
Other Insurances ...........................................................................74-82
Interstate Flight Inconvenience .......................................................................75
Price Guarantee ...................................................................................................78
Purchase Security ...............................................................................................79
Extended Warranty .............................................................................................80
General Information ......................................................................84-89
General Insurance Code of Practice ................................................................84 
Financial Claims Scheme ..................................................................................84 
We respect your privacy.....................................................................................84 
Complaints and disputes resolution process .............................................87 
About the Group Policy .....................................................................................88 
Cancelling your policy ......................................................................................89 
Change of terms and conditions ...................................................................89
Welcome
This is an important document. You should read it carefully to 
confirm what you need to do to be eligible for the insurances 
and before making a decision in relation to the credit card 
insurances explained in it.
It will help you decide whether the insurance will meet your 
needs and you can use it to compare with other options you 
may be considering.
Any recommendation or opinion in this document is of a general 
nature only. It does not take into account your objectives, 
financial situation or needs. You need to decide if the insurance 
is right for you. 
This booklet contains important information about the insurer, 
Zurich Australian Insurance Limited (ZAIL), ABN 13 000 296 640, 
AFS Licence Number 232507 (referred to as “we, our and us” in 
relation to the insurance), its agent Cover-More Insurance Services 
Pty Ltd ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713 (Cover- More) as 
well as the Commonwealth Bank and other relevant persons.
The Commonwealth Bank is not the insurer of the insurance 
referred to in this booklet. It and any of its related corporations 
do not guarantee, and are not liable to pay, any of the benefits 
under these covers.
Things you need to understand
• The Included Cover is available to cardholders, who meet 
the specified eligibility criteria for the covers, under a 
Group Policy entered into by the Commonwealth Bank 
with us, not with you. See pages 88-89 for details of 
this arrangement.
• The Overseas Travel Policy and Upgrades is overseas 
travel insurance available to cardholders who meet the 
specified eligibility criteria for the covers and is a contract 
of insurance between us and you.
• T erms, conditions, limits and sub-limits apply – that is why it 
is important you read this booklet carefully.
• Ex clusions apply to restrict, limit and/or exclude cover. 
Read the General exclusions on pages 35-41 and 
the exclusions under each benefit section carefully to see 
what we don’t cover. Please note there is limited cover for 
COVID-19. For example, there is no cover for claims arising 
from, or related to, COVID-19 whilst travelling on a cruise.
• Cover is only provided during the period of cover – which 
differs for each type of cover.
• Cer tain words have special meanings and are shown in bold. 
See Words with special meaning, pages 27-35.
 F or example you, your or yourself means any of the following 
if they are eligible for the cover:
• The cardholder
• The cardholder’s family.

54
Overseas Travel Policy
Steps to acess the Overseas Travel Policy 
To access the Overseas Travel Policy, you must complete the 
following steps. 
Step one ... 
meet the spend 
requirement
Use your eligible credit card to spend at least $500 in 
a single transaction on your prepaid travel costs (e.g. 
the cost of your return overseas travel ticket, prepaid 
accommodation, cruise, travel or tour) by charging the 
cost for that trip on your eligible credit card account 
before leaving Australia.
You will also qualify if the $500 worth of prepaid travel 
costs is redeemed using CommBank Awards points or 
Travel Booking travel credits on the CBA Travel Sites 
provided by Hopper.
Step two ... 
activate cover
Activate on NetBank or the CommBank app, or call 
Cover-More. We will email you a Certificate of Insurance 
confirming your period of cover, policy number and a copy 
of this booklet.
If you have existing medical conditions, or are aged 80 
or over you also need to follow step three to get the full 
benefits of this cover. 
 
Activate on NetBank or the CommBank app, or call 
Cover-More on 1300 467 951 8am - 5pm Mon - Fri and 
9am - 4pm Sat (Sydney/Melbourne time). 
If you activate after you have left Australia
If you spent at least $500 in a single transaction on prepaid 
travel costs for that trip on your eligible credit card before 
leaving Australia but activate after you have left Australia, 
there will be a 3 day no cover period before you can receive the 
Overseas Travel Policy benefits.
Step three ... 
Upgrades
Apply for cover
 with our range of Upgrades if you have 
existing medical conditions, want to do more adventurous 
activities or want extras for skiing or cruising, or if you ’re 
aged 80 or over. A premium applies.
Travel insurance is subject to eligibility criteria specified 
in this booklet.
How to make a claim
Visit commbank.com.au/cbatravelclaims
Follow the prompts to complete your claim and the checklist to 
gather the supporting documents you need to submit with it.
Submit the claim online
Upload your scanned supporting documents when submitting 
the claim online, or
If you are unable to upload documents, still submit the claim 
online, but post the documents to us. We will give you a claim 
number to note on the original supporting documents. 
Card Insurances
C/o Cover-More
PO Box 2027
North Sydney NSW 2059
Australia
We need original supporting documents, so if you are uploading 
your documents, please hold on to them as we may request 
them. If you are posting them, keep a copy.
Check that the amount you want to claim is higher than 
any ex
cess applicable to your claim

76
Overseas Travel Policy
These benefits are available to cardholders, but only where they 
complete the 2-step process to ‘activate’ an Overseas Travel 
Policy with us for each journey. 
People aged 80 or over, or people with existing medical 
conditions (not automatically accepted on pages 22-24), 
must follow the activation process for an Overseas Travel Policy 
and apply for cover under Upgrades for cover under Benefits 1, 
2, 4 & 5. See pages 62-63 for details.
There is no extra cost for this cover and it applies to a journey 
commencing within 12 months of activation. I.e. Cardholders 
can activate a maximum of 12 months before the journey 
departure date. An additional cost is payable for Upgrades. 
A cardholder’s family will also be eligible for this cover if they 
travel with the cardholder for the entire journey.
The cover applies for the maximum duration shown in the table 
below, for an overseas journey commencing from the departure 
date shown on the cardholder’s return overseas travel ticket.
These benefits are automatically provided to cardholders. 
LImits, terms and conditions apply (for example there is no 
cover for existing medical conditions).
Overseas Travel Policy Benefits Table Gold & Platinum Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
Maximum duration per journey (from the departure date 
shown on cardholder’s return overseas travel ticket) 3 months
# 12 months#
Benefits Excess 
applies
For Benefits 1-3, limits are the combined limit for a cardholder and 
their family per journey and not per person unless specified.
For Benefits 4-15, maximum limits (per journey all claims combined). 
Sub-limits apply. See pages 43-61.
cardholder 
only
cardholder with 
family
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
1 Overseas Emergency Medical 
Assistance~ No Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited
2 Overseas Emergency Medical and 
Hospital Expenses~
Yes $500
$Unlimited $Unlimited $Unlimited $Unlimited
– Hospital Incidentals
$7,500 
($75 per 24 
hours) 
$7,500 
($75 per 24 hours) 
$10,000 
($100 per 24 
hours)
$10,000 
($100 per 24 hours)
– Emergency Dental Expenses $1,500 
per person
$1,500 
per person
$1,500 
per person
$1,500 
per person
3 Personal Liability No $2,500,000 $2,500,000 $2,500,000 $2,500,000
4 Overseas Funeral or Cremation, or Body 
Repatriation No $12,500 $25,000 $12,500 $25,000
5
^ Cancellation Costs Yes $500 $5,000 $10,000 $Unlimited $Unlimited
6 Resumption of Journey Yes $500 $5,000 $10,000 $5,000 $10,000
~ Medical and dental cover and assistance will not exceed 12 
months from onset of the illness or injury.
^Sub-limits apply.
The excess amount will be on your Certificate of Insurance.
#The maximum period of cover (from the commencement of 
your journey) according to the type of card you hold. If you 
intend to be travelling longer than the maximum duration per 
journey shown in this table, you may apply for an Upgrade – see 
Extension of period of cover on page 64 for details.
(continued over the page)

98
 
Overseas Travel Policy Benefits Table (continued) G old & Platinum Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
Benefits Excess 
applies
For Benefits 4-15, maximum limits (per journey all claims combined). 
Sub-limits apply. See pages 43-61.
cardholder 
only
cardholder with 
family
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
7 Accidental Death No $25,000
$25,000 cardholder
$25,000 spouse
$5,000 child
$50,000
$50,000 cardholder
$25,000 spouse
$5,000 child
8^ Loss of Income No $7,500 $7,500 $7,500 $7,500
9 Travel Documents, Transaction Cards, 
Travellers Cheques and Cash No $500 $1,000 $500 $1,000
10^ Baggage and Personal Goods Yes $500 $10,000 $20,000 $15,000 $30,000
11^ Baggage Delay Expenses No $500 $1,000 $500 $1,000
12^ Travel Delay Expenses No $650 $1,300 $650 $1,300
13 Alternative Transport Expenses Yes $500 $3,500 $3,500 $3,500 $3,500
14 Rental Vehicle Insurance Excess No $2,250 $2,250 $2,250 $2,250
15^ Hijack and Kidnap No $5,000 $5,000 $5,000 $5,000
^Sub-limits apply.
The excess amount will be on your Certificate of Insurance.

1110
Upgrades
When a cardholder completes the 2 steps to access the 
Overseas Travel Policy for their journey, they can apply for 
Upgrade(s):
• Covers for people aged 80 or over
• Existing medical conditions
• Extension of period of cover
• Increased rental vehicle insurance excess
• Adventure Plus – Participation in certain adventure activities
• Motorcycle/Motorscooter/Quadbike Plus 
• Snow Extras
• Cruise Extras
Some of these Upgrades extend cover under the Overseas 
Travel Policy that would otherwise be excluded e.g. existing 
medical conditions, adventure activities and motorcycling. 
Upgrades that give additional benefits are in the table below.
A premium is payable to us for each Upgrade you apply for and 
that we agree to. 
Upgrades Benefits Table Gold,
 Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
Benefits Excess 
applies
cardholder only cardholder with family
Maximum limits (per journey all claims combined) 
Sub-limits apply. See pages 66-73.
Snow Extras
16.1^ Your Snow Sport Equipment Yes 
$500 $2,000 $4,000
17.2 Snow Sport Equipment Hire Yes 
$500 $2,000 $4,000
16.3 Snow Sport Package Yes 
$500 $1,250 $2,000
16.4^ Piste Closure Yes 
$500
$1,250 
($100 per 24 hour period)
$2,000 
($100 per 24 hour period)
16.5 Bad Weather and Avalanche Closure Yes 
$500 $1,250 $2,000
16.6 Snow Skiing/Boarding Off-piste and 
Heli-skiing/Boarding You can participate in these activities with Snow Extras
Cruise Extras
17.1^ Cabin Confinement No $500 
($50 per 24 hour period)
$1,000
($50 per 24 hour period)
17.2 Prepaid Shore Excursion Cancellation Yes 
$500 $1,250 $2,000
17.3 Formal Wear Damaged, Lost or Stolen Yes 
$500 $1,250 $2,000
17.4 Delayed Formal Wear No $250 $500
17.5^ Marine Rescue Diversion No $500 
($100 per 24 hour period)
$1,000 
($100 per 24 hour period)
^Sub-limits apply.
The excess amount will be on your Certificate of Insurance.

1312
Helpful tips
Safety of your belongings
• Keep valuables with you rather than checking them in with 
the transport provider as they are not covered by us when 
checked-in (unless security regulations meant you were 
forced to check them in).
• Items left unattended in any motor vehicle (for example, a 
car, campervan or motorhome) or towed land vehicle during 
daylight hours are not covered, unless they are stored in 
the concealed storage compartment of the locked motor 
vehicle or towed land vehicle and forced entry was gained. A 
maximum of $2,500 in total applies.
• Don ’t leave items unattended in ANY motor vehicle or towed 
land vehicle overnight, as they’re not covered.
• Do no t leave your belongings unattended in a public place. 
Unattended belongings are not covered by us. 
• R emember to check for your items. We do not cover items 
left behind in any accommodation after you have checked 
out, left behind in any aircraft, ship, train, tram, taxi or bus, 
or left behind, forgotten, misplaced or walked away from in a 
public place.
• R eport any loss or theft to the police within 7 days of when 
you first become aware of the incident, as a police report 
is required so we can validate that the incident occurred. 
Also, your belongings may have been handed in and may be 
recovered or the police may have a chance to follow up an 
alleged crime.
• Additionally, we require the relevant report from the related 
party. For example, an Airline Property Irregularity Report 
(PIR) is also required if your items were lost or stolen when 
travelling with an airline.
• If you are unable to provide us with a copy of the relevant 
report, you must provide us with a reasonable explanation 
and details of the time and place you made the report, 
including their contact details.
Cruising in Australian waters 
Cover is included under Overseas Medical, Benefit 2: Overseas 
Emergency Medical and Hospital Expenses if you are travelling 
on a domestic cruise in Australian waters. 
When you complete the steps to access the Overseas Travel 
Policy, for a domestic cruise, not part of an international 
journey, please choose ‘Pacific’ as your destination.
Please note: There is no cover for claims arising from, or 
related to, COVID-19 whilst travelling on a cruise.
Reciprocal Healthcare Agreement
The Australian Government and the governments of certain 
countries have an agreement where Australian residents are 
provided with subsidised essential medical treatment (which, 
in turn, minimises your claim with us). The agreement is known 
as a Reciprocal Healthcare Agreement (RHA). Please visit 
humanservices.gov.au/medicare or dfat.gov.au for details of 
RHAs with Australia.

1514
Important Information
Who issues and insures these products?
Cover-More
These products are issued by Cover-More on behalf of the 
insurer. Cover-More administers the products (including 
customer service, medical assessments and claims 
management) and arranges the issue of the insurance to:
• the Commonwealth Bank who then provides the cardholder 
with the Included Cover under the Group Policy, or
• you directly for the Overseas Travel Policy and Upgrades.
Zurich Australian Insurance Limited
ZAIL is the insurer and is part of the Zurich Insurance Group, a 
leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and 
local markets. Zurich provides a wide range of general insurance 
and life insurance products and services in more than 210 
countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, 
small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, including 
multinational corporations. ZAIL’s contact details are:
Zurich Australian Insurance Limited
PO Box 677, North Sydney NSW 2059
Duty to take reasonable care not to make 
a misrepresentation
This is a consumer insurance contract under the Insurance 
Contracts Act 1984 (Cth) (Act).
Under the Act, you have a duty to take reasonable care not to 
make a misrepresentation to us. 
This duty applies whenever you enter into, renew, extend or vary 
this contract of insurance. In all cases, we will ask you questions 
that are relevant to our decision to insure you and on what 
terms. 
It is important that you understand you are answering our 
questions in this way for Yourself and anyone else that you want 
to be covered by the contract.
When you answer the questions you must give a true and 
accurate account of matters. Your response should tell us 
everything that you know about the question because your 
response is relevant to whether we offer you insurance and the 
terms we offer you. 
A misrepresentation made fraudulently is made in breach of the 
duty to take reasonable care not to make a misrepresentation.
Circumstances relevant to your duty
Whether or not you took reasonable care not to make a 
misrepresentation will be determined with regard to all the 
relevant circumstances.
If we know, or ought to know about your particular 
characteristics or circumstances, we will consider these 
to determine if you took reasonable care not to make a 
misrepresentation to us.
We may consider the following matters to determine if you took 
reasonable care not to make a misrepresentation to us:
• the type of consumer insurance contract in question, and its 
target market
• e xplanatory material or publicity produced or authorised by 
us
• ho w clear, and how specific, the questions we asked were
• ho w clearly we communicated to you the importance of 
answering those questions and the possible consequences 
of failing to do so
• whe ther or not an agent/insurance broker was acting for 
you, or
• whe ther the contract was a new contract or was being 
renewed, extended, varied or reinstated.
You are not to be taken to have made a misrepresentation 
merely because you:
• f ailed to answer a question, or
• ga ve an obviously incomplete or irrelevant answer to a 
question.
Consequences if you fail to take reasonable care and do 
make a misrepresentation
If you do not take reasonable care when answering our 
questions and the result is you do make a misrepresentation to 
us, we may cancel your contract or reduce the amount we will 
pay you if you make a claim, or both.
If your failure to take reasonable care not to make a 
misrepresentation to us is fraudulent, we may refuse to pay a 
claim and treat the contract as if it never existed.

1716
Policy conditions
1. Excess – what you contribute to your claim
The excess is the first amount of a claim that we will not pay 
for. It is deducted from your claim if it is approved by us. The 
excess applies per event i.e. If you fall over and need medical 
treatment, and smashed your smart phone in the fall, the 
excess will be deducted once.
For the Overseas Travel Policy, and for any Upgrade, the 
benefits that the excess applies to are shown in the benefits 
tables pages 8-11. The excess amount will be shown on your 
Certificate of Insurance.
Claim example: If you made a claim for $2,500 under Benefit 2: 
Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital Expenses, you 
completed the steps to access the Overseas Travel Policy, you 
already paid the expenses and we approve your claim, we would 
deduct the $500 excess from the claim before we paid you. If, via 
our emergency assistance team, we approved a claim directly with 
an overseas medical provider, we may ask you to pay the $500 
excess directly to the provider at the time or request you to pay it to 
us before we can finalise your claim with the provider. In any event, 
the total claim we pay is $2,000.
For Other Insurances – the amount and covers that an excess 
applies to are:
• Purchase Security – you must pay the first $100 for each claim
• Extended Warranty – you must pay the first $100 for each claim, 
and
• Interstate Flight Inconvenience – you must pay the first 
$250 for each claim made under Benefits 2 and 4. 
In some circumstances, prior to your entry into the policy or 
when you apply for cover for your existing medical conditions 
and you have an Upgrade, whichever occurs later, we may 
impose an extra or increased excess for claims arising from 
existing medical conditions. We will inform you in writing if this 
applies: These will be set out in your Certificate of Insurance or 
in a letter from our medical assessment team.
2. Claims 
• You must report the theft, wilful damage or accidental loss of 
your business items/property/personal goods/valuables to 
the police, the transport provider or accommodation provider 
as relevant within 7 days of you first becoming aware of 
the loss or theft. You should obtain a report confirming the 
incident to submit to us with your claim.
• You must take all reasonable steps to prevent or 
minimise a claim. This includes taking adequate and 
reasonable precautions to protect your business items/
property/personal goods. 
• You must not make any offer, promise of payment, or 
admit any liability without our written consent. We or our 
emergency assistance team will not unreasonably withhold 
or delay our consent
• You must advise us of any claim, or occurrence that may give 
rise to a claim, as soon as possible and within 60 days of the 
event or of returning home whichever is the latest.
• For Price Guarantee claims, you must advise us and claim 
within 30 days of purchase of the item that is the subject of 
the claim.
• If there is a delay in claim notification, or you do not provide 
sufficient detail for us to consider your claim, we can reduce 
any claim payable by the amount of prejudice we have 
suffered because of the delay.
• You must, at your own expense, supply any documents 
in support of your claim that we may request. This can 
include proof of your residential status and age, proof you 
are eligible for insurance cover (e.g. your eligible credit 
card account statement and credit card receipt to confirm 
your eligibility for the insurance), an original police report, a 
Property Irregularity Report (PIR), travel documents, receipts, 
valuations, a repair quote, a death certificate and/or medical 
certificate. If required we may ask you to translate into 
English any documents to enable us to assess your claim.
• F or claims relating to a mobile phone or device with phone 
capabilities you must supply us with the IMEI (International 
Mobile Equipment Identity). You must also block the IMEI 
number (by Australian telecommunication providers) of the 
stolen or lost mobile phone or device.
• You must co-operate fully in the assessment or investigation 
of your claim. 
• If you need to make a claim please make sure you can 
provide us with:
• an y current Certificate of Insurance you hold for the trip
• documen ts we need to verify your eligibility for this 
cover, such as 
• copies o f your eligible credit card account statement, 
and
• cr edit card receipt that shows you used your eligible 
card to spend at least $500 in a single transaction on 
your prepaid travel costs before leaving Australia and/
or a copy of the letter/statement/email confirming the 
redemption of your CommBank Awards points through 
the CommBank Awards Program or using Travel Booking 
travel credits on the CBA Travel Sites provided by Hopper 
in full or part payment for your return overseas travel 
ticket(s) (including the spend of at least $500 worth of 
prepaid travel costs redeemed using CommBank Awards 
points or Travel Booking travel credits on the CBA Travel 
Sites provided by Hopper).

1918
 If you want to make a claim under the covers provided in the 
Overseas Travel Policy while overseas, you acknowledge 
and agree it may be necessary for the Commonwealth 
Bank or its agents to confirm to us or our agents that you 
are eligible for the cover as previously outlined. Without 
this information, a claim may be delayed and it may not be 
possible for us or our agents to give approval for overseas 
medical attention. Where, at our discretion, we honour a 
claim on the basis that you will, at a later date, provide proof 
to substantiate the claim and you are later unable to do 
so, you will be liable for any loss we have incurred on your 
behalf.
• W hen making a claim, you are responsible for assisting 
us and acting in an honest and truthful manner. If you, 
or anyone acting on your behalf, use fraudulent, false or 
exaggerated means to make a claim under this policy, we 
may not pay the claim in whole or in part. You acknowledge 
and agree that we may inform the Commonwealth Bank of 
the situation and you may no longer be eligible for any (or 
all) of the covers in this booklet or your credit card facility. 
We may also report you to the appropriate authorities and 
you may be prosecuted.
• If we agreed to pay a claim under your policy we will base any 
claim payment on the Goods and Services Tax (GST) inclusive 
costs (up to the relevant limits of liability). If you are entitled 
to claim an input tax credit in respect of a cost for which a 
claim is made, or would be entitled to an input tax credit if 
you were to incur the relevant cost (i.e. in replacing a lost 
or stolen item), the amount we would otherwise pay will be 
reduced by the amount of that input tax credit.
• If you are entitled to claim an input tax credit in respect of 
your premium, you must inform us of the amount of that 
input tax credit (as a percentage) at the time you first make 
a claim. If you fail to do so, you may have a liability for GST 
if we pay you an amount in respect of any of the covers 
provided. 
3. Claims are payable in Australian dollars
All claims and amounts payable are paid in Australian dollars at 
the rate of exchange applicable at the time the expenses were 
incurred. We will pay you unless you tell us to pay someone else, 
except in the case of your death in which case we will pay your 
estate. Payment will be made by direct credit to an Australian 
bank account nominated by you unless otherwise agreed by us.
4. If you can claim from anyone else, we will only make 
up the difference
In the case that policy condition 6. Other insurance (following) 
does not apply, if you can make a claim against someone in 
relation to a loss or expense in respect of any of the covers 
provided and they do not pay you the full amount of your claim, 
we will make up the difference. You must claim from them first.
5. You must help us to make any recoveries
We have the right to recover, from any other party in your 
name, money payable under the policy or to choose to defend 
any action brought against you. You must provide reasonable 
assistance to us.
We will apply any money we recover from someone else under a 
right of subrogation in the following order:
1. To us, our costs (administration and legal) arising from the 
recovery
2. To us, an amount equal to the amount that we paid to you in 
respect of any of the covers provided
3. To you, your uninsured loss (less your excess)
4. To you, your excess.
Once we pay your total loss, we will keep all money left over.
If we have paid your total loss and you receive a payment from 
someone else for that loss or damage, you must pay us the 
amount of that payment up to the amount of the claim we paid 
you.
If we pay you for lost or damaged property and you later recover 
the property or it is replaced by a third party, you must pay us 
the amount of the claim we paid you.
6. Other insurance 
If you are insured, or entitled to receive a benefit or make a 
claim, under any other insurance policy in respect of the same 
loss as your claim under our covers, then:
• you must give us full details of the other insurance policy,
• to the extent permitted by law, we will not be liable to 
provide indemnity until the indemnity amount under any 
other policy is exhausted, or
• we may seek, from the other insurer, contribution for any 
amounts we have paid.
7. Subrogation
We may, at our discretion, undertake in your name and on 
your behalf, control and settlement of proceedings for our own 
benefit to recover compensation or secure indemnity from any 
party in respect of any of the covers provided.
You are to assist us and give us permission to do everything 
required to recover compensation or secure indemnity from 
other parties, to which we may become entitled or subrogated, 
upon us accepting your claim in respect of any of the covers 
provided. This is regardless of whether we have yet paid your 
claim, whether or not the amount we pay you is less than full 
compensation for your loss or whether your claim is paid under 
a non-indemnity or an indemnity clause.

2120
8. Policy interpretation
All insurance covers will be interpreted in accordance with the 
law of New South Wales, Australia.
9. Emergency assistance
Where your claim is excluded or falls outside the coverage 
provided, the giving of emergency assistance will not in itself be 
an admission of liability. 
Medical standards, sanitary conditions, reliability of telephone 
systems and facilities for urgent medical evacuations differ 
from country to country. Responsibility for any loss, medical 
complication or death resulting from any factor reasonably 
beyond our control cannot be accepted by our emergency 
assistance, the Commonwealth Bank, Cover-More or us.
If your trip involves travel to a country or part of the country 
the Australian Government on the smartraveller.gov.au website 
advises travellers to “Reconsider your need to travel” or “Do 
not travel”, and you choose to continue with your trip, you 
should understand that we may not be able to provide you 
with emergency assistance there because the current situation 
(which is the subject of the warning) in that country or part 
of the country may limit our ability to do so. For example, in a 
case where you travel to a war zone the airspace may be closed 
which may prevent us from arranging emergency repatriation 
for a covered claim. This condition applies regardless of whether 
your claim relates to the warning.
10. Sanctions
Notwithstanding any other terms, we shall not be deemed to 
provide cover or make any payments or provide any service or 
benefit to any person or other party to the extent that such 
cover, payment, service, benefit and/or any business or activity 
of the person would violate any applicable trade or economic 
sanctions law or regulation.
11. M aximum period of cover – extending your journey
You are only covered for incidents that occur in the period of 
cover.
If you find that your return to Australia has been delayed 
because of one or more of the following reasons, and you 
return home as soon as possible, your period of cover may be 
automatically extended at no extra cost provided:
• your scheduled transport back to Australia is delayed for 
reasons beyond your control, or
• the dela y is due to an event for which you can claim.
If, for any other reason, other than as stated above, your 
overseas travel is for a period longer than the period of cover, 
you will not be covered after the end of that period of cover 
unless the cardholder has successfully applied for an Upgrade.
The cardholder will need to complete the 2 steps to activate 
the Overseas Travel Policy and then apply for the Extension of 
period of cover Upgrade. See page 64 for details. For each 
journey you can only activate one Overseas Travel Policy.
12. S pecial conditions and restrictions that apply for 
people aged 80 or over 
The following benefits are not available to people who are aged 
80 or over at the relevant time:
• Benefit 1: Overseas Emergency Medical Assistance
• Benefit 2: Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital 
Expenses
• Benefit 4: Overseas Funeral or Cremation, or Body 
Repatriation
• Benefit 5: Cancellation Costs (where the cause of the claim 
is the death, injury, sickness or disease of a cardholder or 
spouse)
However, the cardholder may be able to include cover under 
the above benefits (including for their spouse, if applicable) by 
completing the 2 steps to access the Overseas Travel Policy 
and by applying for the Overseas Travel Policy for people aged 
80 or over Upgrade. 
If we accept the application for the Overseas Travel Policy for 
people aged 80 or over Upgrade, the cardholder will need to pay 
us an extra premium. See page 62 for details.
13. Existing medical conditions for persons aged 79 
years and under 
Cover is not provided for existing medical conditions, except 
for those automatically accepted as described on pages 
22-24, or where you have purchased the Existing medical 
conditions Upgrade.
If you have an existing medical condition that is not covered, 
we will not pay any claims which in any way relate to, or are 
exacerbated by, that condition. This means that you will have 
to pay for any overseas medical emergency and any associated 
costs, which can be prohibitive in some countries.

2322
14. A utomatically accepted existing medical conditions 
We automatically accept cover for an existing medical 
condition shown in the tables following, provided: 
• in the 12 months prior to the relevant time, you have not 
been hospitalised (including day surgery or emergency 
department attendance) for that condition,
• prior to the relevant time, you have not had surgery involving 
any joints, the back, spine, brain or abdomen requiring at 
least an overnight stay in hospital for that condition, and
• your condition meets any criteria shown for that condition.
Conditions
Acne Eczema
ADHD (Attention Deficit 
Hyperactivity Disorder)
Gastric Reflux (GORD)
Bunions Glaucoma
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Gout
Cataracts Hay Fever
Cleft Palate Hormone Replacement 
Therapy
Cochlear Implant Hypothyroidism including 
Hashimoto’s Disease
Coeliac Disease Lipoma
Congenital Adrenal 
Hyperplasia
Macular Degeneration
Congenital Blindness Meniere’s Disease
Congenital Deafness Rhinitis
Conjunctivitis Rosacea
Dengue Fever Sinusitis
Dry Eye Syndrome Tinnitus
Dupuytrens Contracture
Condition Criteria
Anxiety Provided:
• you have not been diagnosed with 
Depression in the last 3 years
• in the last 12 months, your prescribed 
medication hasn’t changed
• you are not currently waiting to 
see a mental health clinician (e.g. 
psychologist or psychiatrist), and
• you have not previously been required 
to cancel or curtail your travel plans 
due to your Anxiety.
Asthma Provided you:
• ar e under 60 years of age 
• ha ve not smoked for at least the last 
18 months
• do no t need prescribed oxygen outside 
of a hospital, and 
• ha ve no other lung condition or disease 
including Chronic Bronchitis, Chronic 
Obstructive Pulmonary Disease 
(COPD), Emphysema or Pulmonary 
Fibrosis.
*Diabetes 
(type 1 or type 
2) or glucose 
intolerance
Provided:
• F irst diagnosed more than 6 months 
ago
• N o complications in last 12 months
• N o kidney, eye or neuropathy 
complications, and
• N o cardiovascular disease.
Depression Provided:
• you have not been hospitalised for this 
condition in the last 2 years
• in the last 12 months, your prescribed 
medication hasn’t changed
• you are not currently waiting to 
see a mental health clinician (e.g. 
psychologist or psychiatrist), and
• you have not previously been required 
to cancel or curtail your travel plans 
due to your Depression.
Ear Grommets Provided no current infection
Hiatus Hernia Provided no surgery is planned

2524
Condition Criteria
*Hypercholes- 
terolaemia 
(High 
Cholesterol)
Provided no cardiovascular disease and/or 
no diabetes
*Hyperlipi- 
daemia 
(High Blood 
Lipids)
Provided no cardiovascular disease and/or 
no diabetes
*Hypertension 
(High 
Blood Pressure)
Provided no cardiovascular disease and/or 
no diabetes
Pregnancy If it is a single, uncomplicated pregnancy 
– cover up to the 24th week i.e. up to 23 
weeks, 6 days provided:
• the concep tion was not medically 
assisted e.g. using assisted fertility 
treatment including hormone therapies 
or in vitro fertilisation (IVF).
*These conditions are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. If 
you have a history of cardiovascular disease, and it is an existing 
medical condition, cover for these conditions are also excluded.
If your existing medical condition is not automatically 
accepted 
If your existing medical condition is not automatically accepted 
above we will not provide any cover for any claims which in any 
way relate to, or are exacerbated by, that condition.
If you want to take cover for existing medical condition(s), you 
will need to apply for an Existing medical conditions Upgrade. 
See page 63. If we accept your application for cover of 
existing medical conditions, an extra premium is payable to us.
15. M edical conditions that are undiagnosed or 
awaiting specialist opinion
We are unable to offer cover for medical conditions you were 
aware of, or a person in your circumstances reasonably should 
have been aware of, or arising from signs or symptoms* that 
you were aware of or a person in your circumstances reasonably 
should have been aware of, at or before the relevant time, and 
for which at that time:
• you had not yet sought a medical opinion regarding the cause
• you were currently under investigation to define a diagnosis, 
or
• you were awaiting specialist opinion.
You will still be eligible for the other benefits provided by the 
Overseas Travel Policy, and you may apply for cover for other 
existing medical conditions. There will be no cover for claims 
which in any way relate to, or are exacerbated by, any existing 
medical condition or any condition where the points listed 
above apply. 
If you receive a diagnosis before you depart on your journey, 
you may be able to complete a health assessment and, if 
approved, add existing medical condition cover to your policy 
by paying us the required premium.
*Examples of signs or symptoms include, but are not limited to, 
chest pain, shortness of breath, pain or discomfort in any part of 
your body, persistent cough or unexplained bleeding.
16. Medical and hospital cover in Australia
We will not pay any benefit or provide cover if the provision of 
a payment, benefit or cover would result in us contravening the 
Health Insurance Act 1973 (Cth), the Private Health Insurance 
Act 2007 (Cth) or the National Health Act 1953 (Cth) or any 
applicable legislation (whether in Australia or not).
For the purposes of this cover:
• tr avel from Tasmania or mainland Australia to Norfolk 
Island, Christmas Island, Lord Howe Island or Cocos Island 
is considered overseas travel. It will be covered under the 
Overseas Travel Policy and Upgrades however, there is no 
cover for medical transfers/evacuations, or medical and 
hospital expenses, and
• tr avel from Norfolk Island, Christmas Island, Lord Howe 
Island or Cocos Island to Tasmania or mainland Australia 
is considered overseas travel and will be covered under the 
Overseas Travel Policy and Upgrades however, there is no 
cover for medical transfers/evacuations, or medical and 
hospital expenses.
17. Automatically included activities 
• Ballooning • P arasailing
• B ungy Jumping • R iding a motorcycle or 
• F lying Fox mo torscooter up to 50cc
• H orse Riding • Scub a diving to a depth of 30 metres
• J et Boating • S norkelling
• J et Skiing • S now skiing/boarding on-piste
• K ayaking • W hite Water Rafting
Your participation in any of the activities listed above is subject 
to the terms of cover. There is no cover for these activities if 
racing, or participating in a professional capacity. There is no 
personal liability cover for use or ownership of waterborne craft or 
mechanically-propelled vehicles. Conditions apply to scuba diving 
and to riding a motorcycle/motorscooter/quadbike. See exclusion 
29 and 35 respectively on pages 40-41.

2726
18. About your premium – Upgrades
You will be told the premium payable for your cover when you 
apply for an Upgrade. We calculate your premium by taking into 
account many factors, including your destination(s), length of 
journey, the number of persons and their ages to be covered 
under the policy. The amount of any excess and cover for 
approved existing medical conditions is also included in this 
calculation, as are any relevant government charges, taxes or 
levies (such as stamp duty or GST) in relation to your Upgrade. 
These amounts are included in the total amount payable by you 
as shown on your Certificate of Insurance.
19. Cooling-off period – Upgrades 
Even after you have obtained your Certificate of Insurance 
confirming your Upgrade, you have cooling-off rights.
If you decide that you do not want your Upgrade, you may 
cancel it within 21 days after you are issued your Certificate of 
Insurance. You will be given a full refund of the premium you 
paid, provided you have not started your journey or you do not 
want to make a claim. After the cooling-off period ends, you still 
have the right to cancel your Upgrade. However, we may deduct 
some costs from any refund, as set out under Cancelling your 
policy on page 89.
Words with special meaning
In this booklet words in bold have the meanings shown below. 
The use of the singular shall also include the use of the plural 
and vice versa.
accompanied child/children means at the time eligibility for 
cover is satisfied:
• all unmarried children, up to and including 18 years of age, 
who the cardholder has sole custody of and who live with 
the cardholder
• all unmarried children, up to and including 18 years of age, 
of whom the cardholder has shared custody
• all unmarried children, from 19 years of age up to and 
including 21 years of age, who are full-time students 
attending an accredited institution of higher learning in 
Australia and who the cardholder has/had sole or shared 
custody, and who are dependent upon the cardholder for 
their maintenance and financial support, or
• all unmarried per sons who are physically or mentally 
incapable of self-support who the cardholder has custody of 
and who live with the cardholder.
 However, accompanied child/children never means an infant 
born on the journey.
act of terrorism means any act by a person, alone or with an 
organisation or foreign government, who:
a. uses or threatens force or violence
b. aims to create public fear, or
c. aims to resist or influence a government, or has ideological, 
religious, ethnic or similar aims.
additional means the cost of accommodation or transport (and 
meals where mentioned) you actually use less the cost of the 
accommodation or transport (and meals where mentioned) you 
expected to use had the journey proceeded as planned.
Australia means the area enclosed by the territorial waters of 
the Commonwealth of Australia (including Norfolk Island) where 
Medicare benefits are payable. Australian has a corresponding 
meaning.

2928
business items and personal goods
a. business items
Cover applies to eligible business Gold and business Platinum 
cardholders and means new business property acquired for 
your business use, except items with an original purchase price 
over $3,000
b. personal goods 
means new personal property acquired for personal, domestic 
or household use and valuables (except to the extent otherwise 
specified as being excluded), but does not include:
• furnit ure, furnishings or household appliances (unless 
covered under Extended Warranty Insurance)
• items with an original purchase price over $10,000 
for Gold or Platinum cardholders, over $20,000 for 
Diamond cardholders or over $20,000 for Smart 
Awards or Ultimate Awards cardholders, and
• for Purchase Security Insurance, items purchased 
by instalment (e.g. mobile phones) prior to the final 
payment being made.
c. Items not considered business items or personal goods are:
• items acquir ed for the purpose of re-supply/re-sale
• items acquir ed to undergo transformation in a business
• computer software, or information stored on any 
electronic device or other media, including digital 
photos, downloaded files, electronic applications, 
programmed data or non-tangible items
• bullion, cash, collections such as stamps, coins and 
cards, lottery tickets or other gambling-related items, 
negotiable instruments, securities, manuscripts or books 
of account, trading cards, tickets of any description or 
travellers cheques
• consumable or perishable items (including but not 
limited to drugs, food, fuel or oil), animals or plant 
material
• airplanes, automobiles, boats, motorboats or any other 
motorised vehicles and their integral parts and installed 
accessories
• second-hand items, including antiques
• items o f contraband, and 
• r eal estate and movable fixtures or fittings (including 
but not limited to dishwashers and fixed air 
conditioners) that form, or are intended to form, part of 
any home, office or real estate.
cardholder means a person residing in Australia to whom 
the Commonwealth Bank has issued an eligible credit card. 
Persons residing in Australia, unless otherwise approved by us 
in writing as a cardholder, must have:
• an Australian Medicare card
• an Australian issued Temporary Work (skilled) Visa (subclass 
457), or
• an A ustralian Visa that:
• authorises them to live and work in Australia, and
• r equires them to maintain a minimum level of health 
insurance coverage as required by the Department of 
Home Affairs.
If a cardholder’s family is travelling together, only one person 
can claim the benefits payable to the cardholder. The others 
can only claim as a spouse or accompanied child.
carrier means an aircraft, vehicle, train, tram, vessel or other 
scheduled transport, operated under a licence, for the purpose 
of transporting passengers. However, it does not mean a taxi, 
limousine or similar service.
Certificate of Insurance (this definition only applies to the 
Overseas Travel Policy and Upgrades) means the document 
we provide to a cardholder when they are issued the Overseas 
Travel Policy and, if applicable, Upgrades, and sets out details 
of the cover provided. The Certificate of Insurance is only valid 
if the steps to access the Overseas Travel Policy and relevant 
Upgrades have been completed.
Commonwealth Bank means Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
ABN 48 123 123 124.
computer system means any computer, hardware, software, 
communications system, electronic device (including, but 
not limited to, smart phone, laptop, tablet, wearable device), 
server, cloud or microcontroller including any similar system 
or any configuration of the aforementioned and including any 
associated input, output, data storage device, networking 
equipment or back up facility, owned or operated by the coach, 
airline, shipping line, cruise line or railway company that you 
were due to travel on. 
concealed storage compartment means a boot, glove box, 
enclosed centre console, or concealed cargo area of a motor 
vehicle.
cyber act means an unauthorised, malicious or criminal act 
or series of related unauthorised, malicious or criminal acts, 
regardless of time and place, or the threat or hoax thereof 
involving access to, processing of, use of or operation of any 
computer system.

3130
cyber incident means any:
a. cyber act or error or omission or series of related errors 
or omissions involving access to, processing of, use of or 
operation of any computer system, or
b. cyber act including any partial or total unavailability or failure 
or series of related partial or total unavailability or failures to 
access, process, use or operate any computer system.
disabling injury, sickness or disease means a disabling injury, 
sickness or disease, which first shows itself during the period 
of cover provided for your journey and required immediate 
treatment by a medical practitioner.
domestic cruise means a voyage on a foreign-registered 
cruise ship from a port in Australia to another port or ports in 
Australia without any stopover at a port outside of Australia.
eligible credit card means, unless otherwise specified, a current 
and valid personal or business Gold, personal or business 
Platinum, personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards or personal 
Ultimate Awards credit card issued by the Commonwealth 
Bank. An eligible credit card that is currently cancelled or 
suspended is not current and valid.
eligible credit card account means, unless otherwise specified, 
a current and valid personal or business Gold, personal or 
business Platinum, personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards 
or personal Ultimate Awards credit card facility with the 
Commonwealth Bank. An eligible credit card account that is 
currently cancelled or suspended is not current and valid.
epidemic means a fast-spreading contagious disease or 
illness in an area as documented by a recognised public health 
authority.
existing medical condition means a disease, illness, medical or 
dental condition or physical defect that, at the relevant time, 
meets any of the following:
a. H as required an emergency department visit, hospitalisation 
or day surgery procedure within the last 12 months.
b. Requires:
i. pr escription medication from a qualified medical 
practitioner
ii. r egular review or check-ups
iii. ongoing medica tion for treatment or risk factor control, 
or
iv. consult ation with a specialist.
c. Has:
i. been medically documented involving the brain, 
circulatory system, heart, kidneys, liver, respiratory 
system or cancer, or
ii. r equired surgery involving the abdomen, back, brain, 
joints or spine that required at least an overnight stay in 
hospital.
d. Is:
i. chr onic or ongoing (whether chronic or otherwise) and 
medically documented
ii. under investigation
iii. pending diagnosis or awaiting a specialist opinion, or
iv. pending test results.
e. Is:
i. pr egnancy, or
ii. connected with your current pregnancy or the 
conception was medically assisted e.g. using assisted 
fertility treatment including hormone therapies or IVF.
This definition applies to you, your travel companion, a relative 
or any other person.
family means spouse and/or accompanied children.
Group Policy means the insurance policy issued by us to the 
Commonwealth Bank, in relation to Other Insurances.
home means the place where you normally live in Australia.
Included Cover means the cover described in Other Insurances.
injury or injured means bodily injury caused solely and directly 
by violent, accidental, visible and external means, which 
happens at a definite time and place during the period of cover 
provided for your journey and does not result from any illness, 
sickness or disease.
insolvency or insolvent means bankruptcy, provisional 
liquidation, liquidation, insolvency, appointment of a receiver or 
administrator, entry into a scheme of arrangement, statutory 
protection, presentation of a petition for the compulsory 
winding up of, stopping the payment of debts or the happening 
of anything of a similar nature under the laws of any jurisdiction.
interstate flight means travel on a registered and scheduled 
commercial passenger airline from any Australian state or 
territory, to another Australian state or territory.

3332
journey means the following:
The journey starts when you leave your home or your place of 
business to travel directly to the Australian air or sea terminal 
that is the departure point for your journey.
The journey ends when the first of the following occurs:
• F or the Overseas Travel Policy, 3 consecutive months after 
the date of departure shown on a Gold or Platinum personal 
and business cardholder’s return overseas travel ticket, (12 
consecutive months for Diamond, Smart Awards or Ultimate 
Awards cardholders)
• F or an Overseas Travel Policy or any Upgrades, the end date 
of the period of cover shown on the Certificate of Insurance 
subject to a maximum duration limit of 12 months from the 
time you activated your first Overseas Travel Policy for the 
same journey.
• A t midnight on the date when the cardholder’s scheduled 
transport (as shown on their return overseas travel ticket) is 
due to arrive in Australia
• When you return to your home, provided you travel directly 
there from the Australian air or sea terminal where you 
landed
• W hen the cardholder cancels their return overseas travel 
ticket
legal costs means fees, costs and expenses (including any 
applicable taxes and charges) in connection with a legal action. 
It also means any costs, which you are ordered to pay by a court 
or arbitrator (other than any fine or penalty, or aggravated, 
punitive, exemplary or liquidated damages) or any other costs 
we agree to pay.
medical practitioner means a doctor, psychiatrist, clinical 
psychologist or a dentist, who is not you, your travel companion 
or a relative, or an employee of you, your travel companion or a 
relative, registered with and accredited by the Australian Health 
Practitioner Regulation Agency (AHPRA). Or, if you are overseas, 
an equivalent regulatory body in the country in which they are 
currently practising and qualified to give the diagnosis being 
provided.
natural disaster means a major adverse event resulting 
from natural processes of the Earth; examples are bushfire, 
hurricane, tornado, volcanic eruption, earthquake, tsunami, 
falling object from space (including a meteorite), and in 
general any extraordinary atmospheric, meteorological, seismic, 
or geological phenomenon. It does not mean epidemic or 
pandemic.
off-piste means areas that are not groomed terrain, marked 
slopes, or open trails maintained, monitored and patrolled by the 
ski resort.
on-piste means areas that are groomed terrain, marked slopes, 
and open trails maintained, monitored and patrolled by the ski 
resort.
overseas means outside Australia and its territories.
Overseas Travel Policy means the insurance policy described 
in Overseas Travel Policy and on the cardholder’s current 
Certificate of Insurance.
pandemic means an epidemic that is expected to affect an 
unusually large number of people or involves an extensive 
geographic area.
period of cover means the time when you are covered. 
a. It st arts:
i. f or the Overseas Travel Policy:
• Benefit 5: Cancellation Costs – from the issue date 
shown on the Certificate of Insurance provided 
the cardholder fully completed the eligibility 
requirements and any applicable Upgrades
• F or all other benefits – the start date on the 
Certificate of Insurance provided the cardholder 
fully completed the eligibility requirements, and
ii. for Upgrades, at the start date on the Certificate of 
Insurance provided the cardholder fully completed the 
eligibility requirements. 
b. It ends a t the earliest of the following times:
i. A t the end of the journey
ii. When we determine that you should return to Australia 
for treatment.
premium means the amount payable by you to us in relation to 
Upgrades.
professional means undertaking any activity for which financial 
payment is received from another person or party.
public place means any place the public has access to, including 
but not limited to airports, bus terminals, buses, cruise ships, 
planes, stations, taxis, trains, wharves and beaches, galleries, 
hostels, hotels, hotel foyers and grounds, museums, private 
car parks, public toilets, shops, streets, restaurants and general 
access areas.
relative means a person who is the cardholder’s spouse; 
parent, parent-in-law, stepparent, guardian; grandparent; child, 
foster child, grandchild; brother, brother-in-law, half-brother, 
stepbrother, sister, sister-in-law, half-sister, stepsister; daughter, 
daughter-in-law, stepdaughter, son, son-in-law, stepson; fiancé, 
fiancée; uncle, aunt; or niece, nephew.
relevant time means the time you complete the activation 
process via the NetBank or the CommBank app or by calling 
Cover-More (refer to Step two ... activate cover on page 4). 
It does not mean when you spend $500 in a single transaction 
on your eligible credit card.

3534
rental vehicle means a campervan/motorhome that does not 
exceed 6 tonnes, SUV, sedan, station wagon, hatchback, people 
mover, coupe, convertible, four-wheel drive or mini bus rented 
from a licensed motor vehicle rental company or agency.
snow sport equipment means skis, poles, boots, bindings, 
snowboards or ice skates.
spouse means the partner of the cardholder who is 
permanently living with the cardholder at the time the journey 
starts or the time the interstate travel starts.
transaction card means a debit card, credit card or travel money 
card.
transport provider means a properly licensed coach operator, 
airline, cruise line, shipping line or railway company.
travel companion means: 
• in regard to the Overseas Travel Policy, a person whom, 
before the journey began, arranged to accompany you on 
your journey for at least 50% of the time of your journey, 
and
• in regard to Interstate Flight Inconvenience, a person who 
is accompanying you for at least 50% of the time of your 
interstate travel.
travel services provider means a scheduled services airline, 
hotel, accommodation provider, car rental agency, coach, bus, 
shipping line or railway.
unattended means not on your person or within your sight and 
reach.
Upgrades means the cover and benefits you can apply for, 
described on pages 62-73 of this booklet.
valuables means articles made of, or containing, gold, precious 
metals or stones, semi-precious stones or silver; binoculars; 
furs; jewellery; precious metals; precious or semi-precious 
stones; photographic, audio, video, tablet computer, computer 
and electrical equipment of any kind (including but not limited 
to devices such as drones, computer games, portable navigation 
equipment or media); mobile phones; smart phones; telescopes 
and watches.
we, our or us means Zurich Australian Insurance Limited 
ABN 13 000 296 640, AFS Licence Number 232507. 
you, your or yourself means any of the following if they are 
eligible for the cover:
• The cardholder
• The cardholder’s family
General exclusions 
These exclusions on pages 35-41 apply to all covers 
described in this booklet unless specified otherwise. They are 
listed in no particular order. There are also specific exclusions.
Common exclusions
We will not pay for:
1. claims for costs or expenses incurred outside the period 
of cover. This exclusion does not apply to benefit Sections 
3. Personal Liability, 6. Resumption of Journey, 9. Travel 
Documents, Transaction Cards, Travellers Cheques and 
Cash, 10. Baggage and Personal Goods and Section 14. 
Rental Vehicle Insurance Excess.
2. an y other loss, damage or additional expenses following on 
from the event for which you are claiming that is not covered 
under this insurance. Examples of such loss, damage or 
additional expense would be the cost of replacing locks after 
losing keys, costs incurred in preparing a claim or loss of 
enjoyment
3. claims arising from loss, theft or damage to property, or death, 
illness or bodily injury if you fail to take reasonable care or 
put yourself in a situation where a reasonable person could 
foresee that loss, theft or damage to property, or a death, 
illness or bodily injury might happen, except in an attempt to 
protect the safety of a person or to protect property
4. claims in volving air travel other than as a passenger on a fully 
licensed passenger-carrying aircraft operated by an airline or 
an air charter company
5 claims arising as a result of war, invasion, act of foreign 
enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil 
war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped 
power

3736
6. claims which in any way relate to ionising radiation or 
radioactive contamination caused by nuclear fuel or waste, 
or the radioactive, toxic explosive or other dangerous 
properties of any explosive nuclear equipment
7. claims arising from biological and/or chemical materials, 
substances, compounds or the like used directly for the 
purpose to harm or to destroy human life and/or create 
public fear
8. loss or damage caused by detention, confiscation or 
destruction by customs or other officials or authorities
9. claims arising from any unlawful act committed by you
10. claims arising from any government intervention, prohibition, 
sanction, regulation or restriction or court order, or
11. claims which in any way relate to circumstances you knew 
of, or a person in your circumstances would have reasonably 
known or foreseen, at the relevant time or time you applied 
for an Upgrade (whichever was earliest), that could lead to 
the journey being delayed or cancelled.
Medical and health
We will not pay for:
12. claims which in any way relate to, or are exacerbated by, any 
physiological or psychological signs or symptoms that you were 
aware of or a person in your circumstances reasonably should 
have been aware of at or before the relevant time, if you:
a. had no t yet sought a medical opinion regarding the 
cause,
b. w ere currently under investigation to obtain a diagnosis, 
or
c. w ere awaiting specialist opinion.
13. claims arising from travel booked or undertaken by you:
a. even though you knew, or a reasonable person in your 
circumstances would know, you were unfit to travel, 
whether or not you had sought medical advice
b. against the advice of a medical practitioner 
c. to seek medical or dental advice, treatment or review, or
d. to p articipate in a clinical trial.
14. claims which in any way relate to, or are exacerbated by, any 
existing medical condition you have. 
 T his exclusion will be waived to the extent that cover is 
provided if:
a. your condition is automatically accepted by us. See 
Automatically accepted existing medical conditions, 
pages 22-24, or
b. you applied for, and we accepted, cover and you paid 
the extra premium for the Existing medical conditions 
Upgrade. See Upgrades, Existing medical conditions, 
page 63 for details. 
15. claims which in any way relate to, or are exacerbated by, any 
existing medical condition:
a. your travel companion has, or
b. tha t a relative has other than as provided under Benefit 
5.4 on page 50 and Benefit 6.4 on page 53.
16. claims arising from you having elective medical or dental 
treatment or surgery, a cosmetic procedure or body 
modification (e.g. tattoos and piercings) during the journey, 
such as any complication, even if your existing medical 
condition has been approved by us, or 
17. an y benefit, or provide cover, if the provision of a payment, 
benefit or cover would result in us contravening the Health 
Insurance Act, the Private Health Insurance Act or the 
National Health Act or any applicable legislation (whether 
in Australia or not) or where we do not have the necessary 
licenses or authority to provide such cover.
Pregnancy and childbirth
We will not pay for:
18. claims arising from pregnancy of you or any other person if 
you were aware of the pregnancy at the relevant time and:
a. wher e complications of this pregnancy had occurred 
prior to this time
b. it was a multiple pregnancy e.g. twins or triplets, or
c. wher e the conception was medically assisted e.g. using 
assisted fertility treatment including hormone therapies 
or IVF.
 T his exclusion will be waived to the extent that cover is 
provided if you applied for, and we accepted cover and you 
paid the extra premium for your Existing medical conditions 
Upgrade. The cover provided under the Upgrade is in 
respect of your pregnancy (only) for unexpected serious 
medical complications arising before the start of the 
24th week of pregnancy. See Upgrades, Existing medical 
conditions, page 63.
19. claims arising from:
a. pr egnancy of you or any other person after the start of 
the 24th week of pregnancy, or
b. pr egnancy of you or any other person where the 
problem arising is not an unexpected serious medical 
complication, or 
20. claims arising from childbirth or the health of a newborn child. 
This exclusion applies irrespective of the stage of pregnancy 
at which the child is born.

3938
Your conduct
We will not pay for:
21. claims which in any way relate to your wilful or self-inflicted 
injury or illness, suicide or attempted suicide
22. claims which in any way relate to your:
a. chr onic use of alcohol 
b. subst ance abuse, drug abuse (whether over the counter, 
prescription or otherwise), or
c. ingestion o f any non-prescription drug or substance 
(e.g. marijuana, ecstasy, heroin).
23.claims involving, arising from or related to your impairment 
due to you drinking too much alcohol:
a. which is evidenced b y the results of a blood test which 
show that your blood alcohol concentration level is 
0.19% or above. (The level of alcohol in your blood is 
called blood alcohol concentration (BAC). As a point of 
reference, a BAC of 0.19% is almost four times the legal 
driving BAC limit range in Australia which is currently 
0.05%), or
b. t aking into account the following, where available:
i. the r eport of a medical practitioner or forensic 
expert
ii. the witness report of a third party
iii. your own admission, or
iv. the descrip tion of events you described to us or the 
treating medical professional (e.g. paramedic, nurse, 
doctor) as documented in their records.
24. claims in volving, or arising from, any event that is 
intentionally caused by you or by a person acting with your 
consent, or
25. claims in volving, or arising from, the conduct of someone who 
enters your accommodation with your consent, or whose 
accommodation you choose to enter.
Legal 
We will not pay for:
26. an y expenses recoverable by compensation under any 
workers compensation or transport accident laws, or by 
any government-sponsored fund, plan or medical benefit 
scheme, or any other similar type of legislation required to be 
effected by, or under, a law.
World events
We will not pay for:
27. an y event that is caused by, or arises from, travel to countries 
or parts of a country for which:
a. an advice or warning has been released by the Australian 
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade or any other 
government or official body
b. the advice or warning risk rating is ‘Reconsider your 
need to travel’ or ‘Do not travel’ (or words to that effect) 
or the advice or warnings recommend against all nonessential travel to or in that location or advise against 
specific transport arrangements or participation in 
specific events or activities
c. the mass media has indicated the existence or potential 
existence, of circumstances (including circumstances 
referred to above) that may affect your travel, and
d. you did not take appropriate action to avoid or minimise 
any potential claim under your policy (including delay of 
travel to the country or part of the country referred to 
in the relevant advice(s), warning(s) and/or mass media 
statement(s)).
 C ircumstances, in this case include, but are not limited 
to, strike, riot, weather event, civil protest or contagious 
disease (including an epidemic or pandemic), or
28. claims caused b y, or claims arising from, an epidemic, 
pandemic or outbreak of a contagious disease or any 
derivative or mutation of such viruses. Refer to who.int and 
smartraveller.gov.au for further information on epidemics 
and pandemics. 
 T his exclusion will be waived:
a) to the extent that cover is provided under Benefit 1 
Overseas Emergency Medical Assistance and Benefit 2 
Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital Expenses if 
you test positive to COVID-19; and
b) if your destination was not subject to “Do not travel” 
advice (due to COVID-19) on the smartraveller.gov.au 
website at the time you entered. This exclusion (point 
28.b) will not apply if your trip destination is Australia or 
New Zealand; and
c) you were not travelling on a multi-night cruise at the 
time of testing positive to COVID-19.

4140
Activities, adventure and snow
We will not pay for:
29. claims in volving participation by you or your travel 
companion in hunting or using hunting equipment or 
projectiles (e.g. shooting and archery), mountaineering 
(involving the use of climbing equipment, ropes or guides), 
outdoor rock climbing (involving the use of climbing 
equipment, ropes or guides), trekking that reaches an 
altitude of more than 6,000 metres above sea level, 
sports activities in a professional capacity, abseiling, 
parachuting, skydiving, hang gliding, BASE jumping, 
wingsuiting, potholing, canyoning, caving, fire walking, 
motocross, running with the bulls, rodeo riding, polo playing, 
tobogganing, snowmobiling, scuba diving or underwater 
activities that involve using artificial breathing equipment 
(unless the maximum depth is no greater than 30 metres, 
and you or your travel companion have an open water diving 
licence and are diving with another person, or are diving with 
a qualified and registered diving instructor).
30. claims in volving participation by you or your travel 
companion in any activity that uses an air supported device 
unless that activity is parasailing or hot air ballooning
31. claims in volving participation by you or your travel 
companion (during the journey) in racing (other than 
swimming races of 10 kilometres or less, or running races that 
are marathon distance or less). This exclusion will be waived 
to the extent that cover is provided under the Adventure Plus 
Upgrade on pages 64-65 if you applied for, and we 
accepted, cover and you paid the extra premium 
32. claims in volving participation by you (during the journey) 
in any adventure activity listed under Upgrades, Adventure 
Plus. This exclusion will be waived to the extent that cover 
is provided under the Adventure Plus Upgrade on pages 
64-65 if you applied for, and we accepted, cover and 
you paid the extra premium 
33. claims in volving participation by you (during the journey) 
in off-piste snow skiing or snowboarding or heli-skiing/
snowboarding. This exclusion will be waived to the extent 
that cover is provided under the Snow Extras Upgrade on 
pages 66-70 if you applied for, and we accepted, 
cover and you paid the extra premium, or
34. claims involving you not wearing the appropriate protective 
clothing and head protection for the sport or activity you are 
participating in.
Motorcycle/Motorscooter/Quadbike 
We will not pay for:
35. claims involving you:
a. riding a motorcycle, motorscooter or quadbike (during 
the journey) without a current Australian motor vehicle 
driver’s licence or Australian motorcycle rider’s licence, 
or a driver’s licence valid for the country you are riding 
in. This applies even if you are not required by law to 
hold a licence in the country you are riding in
b. riding a quadbike (of any engine capacity), or 
motorcycle/motorscooter with an engine capacity 
between 51cc and 250cc inclusive, for any purpose. 
This exclusion (point b. only) will be waived to the 
extent that cover is provided under the Motorcycle/
Motorscooter/Quadbike Plus Upgrade on page 65, if 
you applied for, and we accepted, cover and you paid 
the extra premium 
c. riding a motorcycle/motorscooter with an engine 
capacity greater than 250cc for any purpose
d. tr avelling as a passenger on a motorcycle or 
motorscooter that is in the control of a person who does 
not hold a current motorcycle rider’s or driver’s licence 
valid for the vehicle being ridden, or
e. riding, or travelling as a passenger, on a motorcycle, 
motorscooter or quadbike without wearing a helmet.

4342
Overseas 
Travel Policy
Overseas Travel Policy
This insurance cover is subject to the conditions, exclusions, 
limits, sub-limits and terms following and must be read in 
conjunction with Important Information. You must also check 
General exclusions for other reasons why we will not pay. The 
benefit limits include family when travelling with the cardholder 
unless specified otherwise.
People aged 80 or over and people with existing medical 
conditions (not automatically accepted on pages 
22-24) must follow the activation process for 
the Overseas Travel Policy and apply for cover under 
Upgrades for cover under Benefits 1,2, 4 and 5.
The maximum period of cover (from the commencement of 
your journey) cannot exceed 12 consecutive months. 
If you spent at least $500 in a single transaction on prepaid travel 
costs for that trip on your eligible card before leaving Australia 
but activate after you have left Australia, there will be a 3 day no 
cover period before you can receive these benefits. This means 
that if something happens before you activate the cover or within 
the 3 days after you activate the cover and you wish to make 
a claim for that event, we will not provide any cover for claims 
arising from that event even if you submit the claim later. 
Benefit 1: Overseas Emergency Medical 
Assistance
Our emergency assistance team is contactable 24 hours a day, 
365 days a year while you are travelling overseas.
The team of doctors, nurses, case managers and travel agents 
provide the following services:
• Arranging access to a medical practitioner for emergency 
medical treatment while overseas
• Passing on any messages to your family or employer in the 
case of an emergency
• Providing written guarantees for payment of the usual 
and customary costs of emergency hospitalisation while 
overseas
• Arranging your medical transfer or evacuation if you must be 
transported to the nearest hospital for emergency medical 
treatment overseas or be brought back to Australia with 
appropriate medical supervision

4544
• Returning your accompanied children to Australia if they 
are left without supervision following your hospitalisation or 
evacuation
• H elping if passports, travel documents or transaction cards 
are lost and you need assistance in contacting the issuer of 
the document or card
• H elping to change travel plans if your travel consultant is not 
available to assist with rescheduling in an emergency
Cover for costs under the policy benefits are subject to your claim 
being approved. 
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
Unlimited
We will not pay for:
1. an y costs incurred in Australia
2. an y expenses for medical evacuation unless it has been first 
approved by our emergency assistance team (If your claim 
is coverable, we or our emergency assistance team will not 
unreasonably withhold or delay our acceptance)
3. an y claim if you decline to promptly follow the medical 
advice we have obtained, and we will not be responsible for 
subsequent medical, hospital or evacuation expenses, or
4. medical evacuation from Australia to an overseas country.
Benefit 2: Overseas Emergency Medical 
and Hospital Expenses
Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital Expenses
If during the period of cover you suffer a disabling injury, 
sickness or disease we will pay the usual and customary costs of 
medical treatment and ambulance transportation and emergency 
dental treatment (required due to an injury) provided outside 
Australia by, or on the advice of, a medical practitioner.
However, if we determine, on medical advice, that you should 
return home for treatment and you do not agree to do so, 
we will restrict cover to no more than an amount that we 
reasonably consider to be equivalent to your medical expenses 
and/or related costs incurred overseas to the date we advise 
you to return to Australia, plus the amount it would cost us 
to return you to Australia. You will then be responsible for any 
further costs relating to, or arising out of, the event you have 
claimed for.
Hospital Incidentals
If you are hospitalised for more than 48 continuous hours 
while you are overseas and your claim is approved, we will also 
reimburse incidental expenses you pay for, such as TV rental, 
newspapers and/or hospital phone calls.
Emergency Dental Expenses
We will pay up to $1,500 for the cost of emergency dental 
treatment incurred, which the treating dentist certifies in 
writing is for the relief of sudden and acute pain. This limit does 
not apply to dental costs arising from an injury that is covered 
under Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital Expenses.
Please note:
Cover applies for a maximum of 12 months from the date of 
onset of suffering the disabling injury, sickness or disease.
If any costs or expenses are incurred without our approval 
and before contacting us, we will only cover any such costs or 
expenses or for any evacuation/repatriation or airfares if we 
would have approved them up to an amount we would have 
otherwise incurred, had contact been made and approval 
provided.
Overseas emergency medical and dental expenses and hospital 
incidentals cover may end less than 12 months from the date 
of suffering the disabling injury, sickness or disease as we do 
not provide cover if these expenses are incurred outside the 
period of cover. In certain circumstances The period of cover 
will automatically extend for a period of time – see Policy 
condition 11. Maximum period of cover – extending your 
journey on page 20 for more information.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold & Platinum Diamond, Smart & 
Ultimate
Overseas 
Emergency 
Medical and 
Hospital 
Expenses
$Unlimited $Unlimited
Hospital 
Incidentals
$7,500 
($75 per 
24 hours)
$10,000 
($100 per 
24 hours)
Emergency 
Dental 
Expenses
$1,500 
per person
$1,500 
per person
We will not pay for:
1. medical treatment, dental treatment or ambulance 
transportation provided in Australia. 
 If you are travelling on a domestic cruise, this exclusion 
does not apply to medical treatment provided while on a 
ship (including cruise ship, passenger ship or passenger 
ferry) even if that ship is within Australian territorial waters. 
However, this additional benefit does not apply to any 
medical treatment provided on Australian inland waterways 
or while the ship is tied up in an Australian port

4746
2. e xpenses incurred after 2 weeks’ treatment by a dentist, 
chiropractor or physiotherapist, unless approved by us
3. e xpenses arising from any disease that is transmitted when 
giving or taking a drug, unless the giving or taking of the 
drug is supervised by a medical practitioner and the disease 
is not excluded anywhere else in this cover
4. den tal expenses involving the use of precious metals, teeth 
whitening or involving cosmetic dentistry; or preventative or 
routine dental treatment
5. damage to dentures, dental prostheses, bridges or crowns
6. con tinuation or follow-up treatment (including medication 
and ongoing immunisations) you were on prior to the start 
of the journey
7. medical treatment, dental treatment or ambulance 
transportation provided in your country of residence
8. claims wher e you have received medical care under a 
Reciprocal Healthcare Agreement
9. e xpenses if, despite the advice given following your call to 
our 24 hour emergency assistance provider, you received 
private hospital or medical treatment where public funded 
services or care is available in Australia or under any 
Reciprocal Healthcare Agreement between the Australian 
Government and the government of any other country, or
10. an y event and expenses that arise from any medical 
procedures in relation to the insertion of a pacemaker, 
automated implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (AICD) or 
implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) device (alone 
or combined) during overseas travel. If you require this 
procedure, due to sudden and acute onset, which occurs for 
the first time during your journey and not in any way related 
to an existing medical condition, we will exercise our right, 
based on medical advice, to organise your repatriation to 
Australia for this procedure to be completed.
Benefit 3: Personal Liability
We will provide cover if, as a result of an accident (an 
unexpected event caused by something external and visible 
or a series of accidents arising out of the one event), that 
happens during your journey, you become legally liable to pay 
compensation in respect to damage caused to someone else’s 
property or the injury or death of someone else. Cover is for:
1. the compensa tion (including legal costs) awarded against 
you, and
2. an y reasonable legal costs incurred by you for settling or 
defending a claim made against you, providing you have our 
approval, in writing, before incurring these costs.
You must tell us, as soon as you or your personal 
representatives are aware, or a reasonable person in your 
circumstances should have been aware, of a possible 
prosecution, inquest, fatal injury, accident or incident that might 
lead to a claim against you.
You must not pay, or promise to pay, settle with, admit or deny 
liability to anyone who makes a claim against you without our 
written consent. We or our emergency assistance team will not 
unreasonably withhold or delay our consent
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
$2,500,000
We will not pay for liability arising:
1. where you become liable to pay somebody who is a member 
of your family or travelling party, your travel companion or 
employed by you or deemed to be employed by you
2. fr om loss of, or damage to, property belonging to, or in the 
care, custody or control of you, your travel companion, a 
relative or an employee of any of you
3. fr om the conduct by you of any profession, trade or business
4. out o f the use, or ownership by you, of any aircraft, 
drone, firearm, weapon, waterborne craft or 
mechanically- propelled vehicle
5. out o f occupation or ownership of any land, buildings or 
immobile property
6. out o f any wilful or malicious act
7. out o f the transmission of an illness, sickness or disease
8. fr om punitive, exemplary or aggravated damages or any fine 
or penalty
9. out o f your liability under a contract or agreement, unless 
you would be liable if that contract or agreement did not 
exist
10. out o f assault and/or battery committed by you or at your 
direction, or
11. out o f any act intended to cause bodily injury, property 
damage or liability done by you or any person acting with 
your knowledge, connivance or consent.

4948
Benefit 4: Overseas Funeral or Cremation, 
or Body Repatriation
In addition to any cover for Overseas Emergency Medical 
Assistance, our emergency assistance team will arrange the 
following assistance.
If you die during your period of cover as a result of a disabling 
injury, sickness or disease, we will pay:
1. the r easonable costs incurred overseas, charged by a funeral 
director for arranging your funeral service and a cemetery 
for your burial, or a crematorium for your cremation incurred 
overseas, and
2. the cost o f bringing your remains to Australia, including 
from the inbound port or airport to your home or nominated 
funeral home.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$12,500 $25,000
We will not pay for:
1. the cost o f memorialisation, or
2. funer al expenses incurred overseas or bringing your remains 
back to Australia, unless it has been first approved by our 
emergency assistance team (If your claim is coverable, we 
or our emergency assistance team will not unreasonably 
withhold or delay our acceptance).
Benefit 5: Cancellation Costs
If, due to circumstances outside your control and unforeseeable 
at the relevant time this policy:
1. you have to rearrange your journey, we will pay the 
reasonable cost of doing so. (We will not pay more for the 
cost of rearranging your journey than the non-refundable 
costs, which would have been incurred had the journey 
been cancelled. The cover is limited to the same or similar 
standard of transport and accommodation as was originally 
booked), or
2. you have to cancel your journey (where you cannot 
rearrange it prior to leaving home) we will pay you:
a. the value of the unused portion of your prepaid travel or 
accommodation arrangements that are non-refundable 
and not recoverable in any other way
b. your travel agent’s cancellation fees equal to the lesser 
of $500 or 15% of the value of the travel arranged by 
the travel agent. We will only pay these fees, if at the 
time the circumstances causing your claim happened, 
you had already paid at least the full deposit, and
c. the value of frequent flyer or similar flight reward points, 
air miles, redeemable vouchers or similar schemes lost 
by you following cancellation of the services paid for 
with those points, if you cannot recover your loss in 
any other way. The amount we will pay is calculated as 
follows:
 i. F or frequent flyer or similar flight reward points, 
loyalty card points, air miles:
- T he cost of an equivalent booking, based on the 
same advance booking period as your original 
booking. We will deduct any payment you made 
towards the booking and multiply it by the total 
number of points or air miles lost, divided by the 
total number of points or air miles used to make 
the booking
ii. F or vouchers, the face value of the voucher up to the 
current market value of an equivalent booking.

5150
Sub-limits
3. T he most we will pay for claims arising from an injury that 
caused the death of a relative living overseas is $2,500 for a 
cardholder or $5,000 for a cardholder with their family.
4. T he most we will pay for claims in any way related to, or 
exacerbated by, an existing medical condition of a relative 
who is hospitalised or dies during the period of cover is 
$2,000 for a cardholder or $4,000 for a cardholder with 
their family. This is provided that, at the time of activation, 
you were unaware of the likelihood of such hospitalisation or 
death.
Additional expenses
Cover is subject to the written advice of the overseas treating 
medical practitioner and acceptance by our 24 hour emergency 
assistance team. If your claim is coverable, we or our emergency 
assistance team will not unreasonably withhold or delay our 
acceptance.
We will reimburse your reasonable additional accommodation 
(room rate only) expenses and additional transport expenses, 
at the same accommodation standard or fare class as originally 
booked, if a disruption to your journey arises from any of the 
following reasons:
5. You or your travel companion cannot travel because of 
a disabling injury, sickness or disease and the treating 
medical practitioner certifies in writing that you or your 
travel companion are unfit to travel
6. You shorten your journey and return to Australia on the 
written advice of a medical practitioner. You must take 
advantage of any pre-arranged return travel to Australia
7. You are required to return early to Australia because 
your travel companion or a relative of either of you dies 
unexpectedly or suffers a disabling injury, sickness or 
disease, which means hospitalisation is required, provided 
the claim was not in any way related to, or exacerbated by an 
existing medical condition
8. Your scheduled or connecting transport is cancelled, 
delayed, rescheduled or diverted because of a strike, riot, 
hijack, civil protest, weather, natural disaster or a collision 
affecting your mode of transport
9. You lose your passport, travel documents or transaction 
cards (except involving government confiscation or articles 
sent through the mail) or they are stolen
10. Your home is rendered uninhabitable by fire, explosion, 
earthquake or flood
11. disruption of your scheduled transport because of a cyber 
incident provided you act reasonably in avoiding additional 
costs
12. You unknowingly breach a quarantine regulation.
If you did not have a return ticket booked to Australia before 
the event that gave rise to the claim, we will reduce the amount 
of your claim by the price of the fare to Australia from the place 
you planned to return to Australia from. The fare will be at the 
same fare class as the one in which you left Australia.
Room rate only means that other expenses you may incur such 
as food, drinks, groceries, laundry etc. are not included.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold & Platinum Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
$5,000 $10,000 $Unlimited $Unlimited
We will not pay for claims caused by:
1.
 the death, disabling injury, sickness or disease of any 
person, including a relative or travel companion, not listed 
on your Certificate of Insurance who resides outside of 
Australia other than as specified in Benefit 5.3 or Benefit 
5.4 on page 50
2. the dea th, disabling injury, sickness or disease of your 
relative arising from an existing medical condition, except 
as specified under Benefit 5.4 on page 50
3. your or any other person’s unwillingness or reluctance to 
proceed with the journey or deciding to change plans, or 
the breakdown or dissolution of any personal or family 
relationship
4. an y costs or expenses prior to you or your travel companion 
being certified by a qualified medical practitioner as unfit to 
travel
5. an y contractual or business obligation or your financial 
situation. This exclusion does not apply to claims where you 
or your travel companion are involuntarily made redundant 
from permanent full-time employment in Australia after a 
continuous working period of 2 years with the same employer 
and where you would not have been aware before activation 
that the redundancy was to occur
6. mechanical br eakdown of any means of transport
7. cancella tions, delays, rescheduling or diversions to your 
scheduled or connecting transport, unless it is due to a 
strike, riot, hijack, civil protest, weather, natural disaster or a 
collision affecting your mode of transport
8. f ailure by you or another person to obtain the relevant visa, 
passport or travel documents
9. err ors or omissions by you or another person in a booking 
arrangement

5352
10. the st andards and expectations of your prepaid travel 
arrangements being below or not meeting the standard 
expected
11. the failure of any travel agent, tour operator, accommodation 
provider, airline or other carrier, car rental agency or any 
other travel or tourism services provider to provide services 
or accommodation due to their insolvency or the insolvency 
of any other person, company or organisation they deal with
12. the failure of your travel agent, any tour operator, transport 
or accommodation supplier or provider, person or agency to 
pass on monies to operators or to deliver promised services
13. a request by your employer, your leave application being 
denied, or your leave being revoked. This exclusion does 
not apply if you are a full-time member of the Australian 
Defence Force or of federal, state or territory emergency 
services (e.g. police, fire, ambulance, paramedic) and your 
leave is revoked.
14. a lack in the number of persons required to commence any 
tour, conference, accommodation or travel arrangements 
or due to the negligence of a wholesaler or operator. This 
exclusion does not apply to prepaid travel arrangements 
bought separately to reach the departure point for the tour 
or for other travel arrangements
 H owever, if a tour or river cruise, that is prepaid and 
overnight, is cancelled due to a lack of numbers we will pay 
in respect of your other prepaid arrangements the lesser of:
a. necessar y amendment costs; or
b. the non-r efundable unused portion of costs if you 
cancel the trip.
 I n any case the most we will pay is $800 under this section 
of the policy.
15. an act of terrorism, or
16. you operating a rental vehicle in violation of the rental 
agreement.
Benefit 6: Resumption of Journey
We will pay the economy class transport costs you incur to 
return overseas if you are required to return home because, 
during your journey, your relative died unexpectedly or was 
hospitalised following a sudden serious injury, sickness or 
disease (not from an existing medical condition), provided:
1. it is possible for your journey to be resumed
2. ther e are more than 14 days remaining on the period of 
cover, as noted on your Certificate of Insurance, and
3. you resume your journey within 12 months of your return to 
Australia.
Sub-limit
4. If you are required to return home during your journey, 
because your relative died or was hospitalised in Australia 
during the period of cover as the result of an existing 
medical condition, and the points above are met, we will pay 
up to $2,000 for a cardholder or $4,000 for a cardholder 
with their family for the economy class transport costs you 
incur to return overseas provided:
a. a t the time of activation, you were unaware of the 
likelihood of such hospitalisation or death.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$5,000 $10,000
We will not pay for:
1. claims if you were aware of any reason, before your period 
of cover commenced, that your journey may be cancelled, 
delayed or disrupted. 
Benefit 7: Accidental Death
If, during the journey, you suffer an injury resulting in your 
death we will pay your estate the amount shown in the table 
below provided your death occurs within one year of the injury.
This benefit is also available if, during your journey, something 
you are travelling on or in disappears, sinks or crashes and 
you are presumed dead and your body is not found within 12 
months.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold & Platinum Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder
$25,000
spouse
$25,000
cardholder
$50,000
spouse
$25,000
accompanied 
child 
$5,000
accompanied 
child 
$5,000

5554
Benefit 8: Loss of Income
If, during your journey, you suffer an injury requiring medical 
treatment overseas and: 
a. you become disabled within 30 days because of the injury
b. the disablemen t continues for more than 30 consecutive 
days from the date of your return to Australia, and
c. you lose all your income because you are unable to return to 
your usual place of employment in Australia as a result,
we will pay you up to $750 per week for your weekly net of 
income tax wage for a maximum period of 3 months, starting 
from the 31st day after your return to Australia.
You must be under the regular care of, and acting in accordance 
with the instructions or advice of, a medical practitioner who 
certifies in writing that the disablement prevents you from 
gainful employment.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder and/or spouse $7,500
Benefit 9: Travel Documents, Transaction 
Cards, Travellers Cheques and Cash
Travel documents
We will pay the issuer’s fees for the replacement costs 
(including communication costs) of your essential travel 
documents (including passports), transaction cards or travellers 
cheques if they are lost by you, stolen from you or destroyed 
during your period of cover.
Transaction cards or travellers cheques
We will pay for any loss resulting from the fraudulent use of 
your transaction cards or travellers cheques that are lost or 
stolen during your journey.
Cash
We will reimburse you for cash, bank notes, currency notes, 
postal or money orders stolen from your person or from a locked 
safe or safety deposit box during the period of cover.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$500 $1,000
We will not pay for:
1. loss or theft that is not reported to the:
a. police or security personnel, or
b. issuing b ank.
 All cases o f loss or theft must be reported as soon as 
possible and within 7 days. A copy of the relevant report 
must be submitted for any claim involving loss or theft. If 
you are unable to provide us with a copy of the relevant 
report, you must provide us with a reasonable explanation 
and details of the time and place you made the report, 
including their contact details.
2. an y amounts covered by any guarantee given by the bank 
or issuing company to you as the holder of the transaction 
cards or travellers cheques
3. your failure to comply with the recommended security 
guidelines for the use of bank or currency notes, cheques, 
credit card, postal or money orders or petrol coupons, or
4. cash, bank notes, currency notes, postal or money orders 
not on your person or in a locked safe or safety deposit box 
at the time they were stolen.
Benefit 10: Baggage and Personal Goods
If, during your period of cover, your business items and/or 
personal goods are lost, stolen or damaged, we will repair the 
item if it is practical and economic to do so. If it is not practical 
and economic to repair the item, we will replace the item or 
provide you with a replacement voucher if the item is available 
from our usual suppliers. If the above do not apply, we will pay 
you the monetary value of the item.
If your prescription medication is lost, stolen or damaged during 
your period of cover we will pay up to $500 for expenses 
incurred overseas to replace that prescription medication.
If your claim for loss or theft can be approved but your items 
are found in the meantime and can be posted to you, we will 
instead pay up to $500 for postage costs so you can get your 
items back.
It is your responsibility to provide us with evidence to support 
your claim for an item. This is ‘proof of ownership’.
• We will accept the original or a copy of a purchase receipt, 
invoice and/or bank statement showing the purchase, the 
date of the purchase and the amount paid
• We may consider valuation certificates (issued prior to 
the relevant time), ATM receipts and warranty cards with 
accompanying bank statement of purchases
• We will not accept photographs, packaging or instruction 
manuals as proof of ownership.

5756
Sub-limits
Our payment will not exceed the original purchase price of an 
item with a limit for any one item, set or pair of items including 
attached and unattached accessories of:
• business Gold/business Pla tinum cards – $3,000 per 
business item
• Gold/Pla tinum cards – $3,000 per item for personal goods, 
or
• D iamond/Smart/Ultimate cards – $5,000 per item for 
personal goods.
Here are some examples of items considered as only one item 
for the purpose of this insurance. The appropriate single item 
limit will be applied: a camera, camera accessories, lenses 
and tripod (attached or not); a smart phone and cover/case; a 
matched or unmatched set of golf clubs, golf bag and buggy; a 
necklace and pendant; a charm bracelet and charms.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold & Platinum Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
cardholder 
only
cardholder 
with family
$10,000 $20,000 $15,000 $30,000
We will not pay for:
1. business items and/or personal goods left:
a. behind in an y cruise cabin, hostel, hotel or motel room 
or peer to peer service type accommodation (including 
but not limited to Airbnb) after you have checked out
b. unattended in a public place
c. behind in/ on any aircraft, bus, car, peer to peer service 
transport vehicle (including but not limited to Uber), 
rental car, ship, taxi, train, tram or any other vehicle or 
vessel
d. behind, forgotten, misplaced or walked away from in a 
public place
e. unattended in any motor vehicle overnight even if they 
were in a concealed storage compartment 
f. unattended in any motor vehicle other than overnight, 
unless they were stored in a concealed storage 
compartment of a locked motor vehicle and forced entry 
was gained: The most we will pay is $2,500 in total for 
all items.
g. under the supervision of somebody who is not you or 
your travel companion, or
h. with a person who steals or deliberately damages them
2. loss or theft that is not reported to the:
a. police or security personnel
b. responsible transport provider (if your items are lost or 
stolen while travelling with a transport provider), or
c. accommodation provider
 All cases o f loss or theft must be reported as soon as 
possible and within 7 days. A copy of the relevant report 
must be submitted for any claim involving loss or theft. If 
you are unable to provide us with a copy of the relevant 
report, you must provide us with a reasonable explanation 
and details of the time and place you made the report, 
including their contact details
3. a mobile phone or device with phone capabilities if you are 
unable to supply the IMEI (International Mobile Equipment 
Identity)
4. damage, loss or theft of valuables placed in the care of a 
transport provider (unless security regulations prevented 
you from keeping the valuables with you), including any loss 
from the point of check in until collection by you from the 
baggage carousel or collection area at the end of your flight, 
journey or voyage
5. valuables left unattended in a motor vehicle at any time, 
even if stored in a concealed storage compartment
6. cash, bank notes, currency notes, cheques or negotiable 
instruments
7. w atercraft of any type (other than surfboards)
8. spor ting equipment (including bicycles) damaged, lost or 
stolen while in use
9. snow sport equipment
10. items that are being sent to you, unaccompanied by you or 
under a freight contract. This exclusion for unaccompanied 
items will be waived if your claim for lost stolen items can be 
approved but your items are found in the meantime and can 
be posted to you
11. an electrical or mechanical fault or breakdown 
12. loss o f, or damage to, any item that is brittle or fragile 
(except photographic or video equipment), unless the loss 
or damage is caused by thieves, burglars, fire, or a collision 
involving the means of transport in which you are travelling
13. damage caused b y atmospheric or climatic conditions; wear 
and tear; vermin; or any process of cleaning or alteration
14. consequen tial damage caused while an item is being serviced, 
repaired or restored, unless we have authorised the work
15. loss o f, or damage to, items that are commercial samples, 
works of art and antiques, or items you take to sell while 
overseas
16. de terioration, normal wear and tear, or damage arising from 
inherent defects in the business items/property/personal 
goods, or
17. an y defective item or any defect in an item.

5958
Benefit 11: Baggage Delay Expenses
If any of your business items and/or personal goods are 
delayed, misdirected or misplaced by the carrier during your 
journey for more than 12 hours we will reimburse you up to a 
maximum amount of $500, per person, for underwear, socks, 
toiletries, non-prescription medication and change of shoes 
and clothing (and a bag) you bought after a 12 hour delay 
and before your business items and/or personal goods were 
returned to you.
The original receipts for the items and confirmation of the 
length of delay from the carrier must be produced in support of 
your claim. 
This section does not apply on the leg of the journey that 
returns you home.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$500 $1,000
We will not pay for:
1. expenses you incur if you are entitled to compensation from 
the carrier you were travelling on for the relevant amount 
claimed. However, if you are not reimbursed the full amount, 
we will pay the difference between the amount of your 
expenses and what you were reimbursed, up to the limit of 
your cover.
2. dela y that is not reported to the responsible carrier. All 
reports must be confirmed in writing by the carrier at the 
time of making the report. If you are unable to provide us 
with a copy of the carrier’s report, you must provide us with 
a reasonable explanation and details of the time and place 
you made the report, including their contact details.
Benefit 12: Travel Delay Expenses
If your pre-booked transport is temporarily delayed for at least 
6 hours due to an unforeseeable circumstance outside your 
control (including a cyber incident), we will reimburse up to 
$250 for a cardholder only, or $500 for a cardholder with their 
family, for reasonable additional meals and accommodation 
expenses you incur.
In addition, for each full 12 hour period that the delay continues 
beyond the initial 6 hour delay, we will reimburse up to $150 
for a cardholder only to a maximum of $400, or $300 for 
a cardholder with their family to a maximum of $800, for 
reasonable additional meals and accommodation expenses you 
incur.
You must claim from the transport provider first, and provide us 
with confirmation from the transport provider of the cause and 
period of the delay and the amount of compensation offered by 
them. If you are unable to provide us with a copy of the report, 
you must provide us with a reasonable explanation and details 
of the time and place you made the report, including their 
contact details.
You must also provide us with receipts for the expenses 
incurred.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$650 $1,300
We will not pay for claims:
1. caused by the insolvency of any travel agent, tour wholesaler, 
tour operator or booking agent.
Benefit 13: Alternative Transport 
Expenses
If, due to an unforeseeable circumstance outside your control, 
your journey would otherwise be cancelled, delayed, shortened 
or diverted resulting in you being unable to arrive in time to 
attend a wedding, funeral, 25th or 50th wedding anniversary or 
a prepaid conference, concert, music festival or sporting event 
or prepaid travel/tour arrangements, which cannot be delayed 
due to your late arrival, we will pay for:
1. the r easonable additional travel expenses to arrive at your 
destination on time, and
2. the cost o f the unused connection (if you have to buy a new 
connection) less any refund or credit you are entitled to from 
the supplier of that connection.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only and/or with family $3,500
We will not pay for claims:
1. caused b y the financial collapse or insolvency of any travel 
agent, tour wholesaler, tour operator or booking agent.

6160
Benefit 14: Rental Vehicle Insurance 
Excess
This cover applies if you:
• hir e a rental vehicle
• ar e the nominated driver on the rental vehicle agreement, 
and
• ha ve purchased motor vehicle insurance or a damage waiver 
from the rental company or agency you rented the rental 
vehicle from.
If the rental vehicle is damaged or stolen while in your control 
during your period of cover, we will pay the lower of the rental 
vehicle insurance excess or the liability fee you are required 
to pay under a damage waiver or the repair costs to the rental 
vehicle that you become liable to pay.
This benefit does not cover items such as, but not limited to, 
tyres and/or windscreens if they are not covered by the motor 
vehicle insurance or damage waiver purchased from the rental 
company or agency.
You must provide us with a copy of your rental vehicle 
agreement, an incident report that was completed, the repair 
account, an itemised list of the value of the damage and written 
notice from the rental company or agency advising that you are 
liable to pay the excess or liability fee.
If your treating medical practitioner certifies in writing that 
you are unfit to return your rental vehicle to the nearest depot 
during your journey, then we will pay up to $500 for the cost of 
returning your rental vehicle.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only and/or with family $2,250
We will not pay for:
1. an y damage or theft, arising from the operation of a rental 
vehicle in violation of the terms of the rental agreement
2. you using the rental vehicle without a licence valid for the 
purpose that you were using it
3. an y damage sustained to a rental vehicle while it is being 
driven on an unsealed surface, or
4. administr ation costs or loss of use penalties. 
Benefit 15: Hijack and Kidnap
We will pay you $250 for each continuous 24 hour period that 
you are forcibly detained if you are hijacked or kidnapped during 
your journey.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only and/or with family $5,000

6362
Upgrades 
This insurance cover is subject to the conditions, exclusions, 
limits, sub-limits and terms following and must be read in 
conjunction with Important Information and Overseas Travel 
Policy. You must also check General exclusions for other reasons 
why we will not pay.
Upgrade options, benefits and limits
When a cardholder completes the 2 steps to access the 
Overseas Travel Policy, they can apply to include any of the 
following Upgrades. These options may be applied for at 
the time of activation or be added to an existing Overseas 
Travel Policy. Some options cannot be applied for if you 
have commenced your journey or the start date as shown on 
your Certificate of Insurance has passed. Please check the 
conditions in each Upgrade section following for the details 
around when a cardholder can apply for a particular Upgrade.
The Upgrades that a cardholder has chosen, and that we have 
agreed to, will be shown on the Certificate of Insurance. The 
cardholder will be required to pay us any premium that applies.
Overseas Travel Policy for people aged 80 
or over Upgrade
If you are aged 80 or over at the relevant time, cover for the 
following benefits will only apply to you provided you have 
completed a medical assessment, we have agreed to cover you 
and you have paid Us any premium that applies.
• Benefit 1: Overseas Emergency Medical Assistance
• Benefit 2: Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital 
Expenses
• Benefit 4: Overseas Funeral or Cremation, or Body 
Repatriation
• Benefit 5: Cancellation Costs (where a claim is due to the 
death, injury, sickness or disease of a cardholder or spouse 
aged 80 or over at the time of activation)
You cannot apply for this Upgrade if:
• you have commenced your journey, or
• the start date shown on your Certificate of Insurance has 
passed.
We have the absolute right to accept or decline the application 
for an Upgrade, or impose special conditions such as an extra or 
increased excess.
Existing medical conditions 
We cover some existing medical conditions described on 
pages 22-24. If you need cover for conditions outside the 
specified criteria or for other conditions you can apply for this 
Upgrade by:
• completing a medical assessment online when you activate 
your policy, or 
• calling us to complete a medical assessment.
Once we have agreed to cover you and you have paid us any 
premium that applies and we have issued a Certificate of 
Insurance confirming this Upgrade, cover will apply under the 
Overseas Travel Policy for the following benefits:
• Benefit 1: Overseas Emergency Medical Assistance
• Benefit 2: Overseas Emergency Medical and Hospital 
Expenses
• Benefit 4: Overseas Funeral or Cremation, or Body 
Repatriation
• Benefit 5: Cancellation Costs
We will not pay any claims arising from, related to or associated 
with your existing medical condition if:
• you do not apply for this Upgrade cover for that existing 
medical condition
• you apply for this Upgrade cover for that existing medical 
condition and we do not agree to provide cover for that 
existing medical condition, or
• we agree to provide cover for that existing medical 
condition and you do not pay the required extra premium.
This means that you will have to pay for an overseas medical 
emergency which can be very expensive in some countries.
You cannot apply for this Upgrade if:
• you have commenced your journey, or
• the start date as shown on your Certificate of Insurance has 
passed.
If you have any questions about existing medical conditions, 
please call Cover-More on 1300 467 951.

6564
Extension of period of cover
If a cardholder intends to be travelling for longer than the 
period of cover applying to the eligible credit card, the 
cardholder can apply to extend the relevant period of cover.
Note: The maximum length of any journey is 12 months.
• D iamond, Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards cardholders 
receive 12 months cover per journey without having to 
upgrade. This 12 month period cannot be extended.
• Gold & Pla tinum cardholders receive up to a 3 months cover 
for any one journey and can apply to extend the journey for 
up to a further 9 months.
If accepted and the cardholder pays us any premium that 
applies, the cardholder’s Certificate of Insurance will show the 
extended period of cover. 
Increased rental vehicle insurance excess
A cardholder can increase the benefit limit that applies to 
Benefit 14: Rental Vehicle Insurance Excess, Overseas Travel 
Policy, page 64, by nominating the level of extra cover 
required from the options we make available. The cardholder 
must pay us any premium that applies.
This increased benefit limit is in addition to the benefit limit 
provided under the Overseas Travel Policy and is the amount 
that will be shown on the cardholder’s Certificate of Insurance.
Adventure Plus
As well as the cover we provide you under the Overseas Travel 
Policy, the cardholder can pay to upgrade cover to include 
participation in the adventure activities shown below during 
your journey. Cover is subject to meeting the criteria listed and 
starts from the time the extra premium is paid. 
You cannot apply for this Upgrade if:
• you have commenced your journey, or
• the st art date as shown on your Certificate of Insurance has 
passed.
The maximum amount we will pay for all claims combined 
under each benefit is shown in a table in the relevant benefit 
section in the Overseas Travel Policy. In addition to any 
exclusions listed under each benefit, please also check General 
exclusions on pages 35-41 for other circumstances when 
we will not pay.
Adventure Plus activities
• C losed circuit triathlon up to a 1.5 kilometre swim, 40 
kilometre bike ride and 10 kilometre run.
• Scub a diving if the maximum depth is between 30 metres 
and 50 metres below the surface, provided you are diving 
under the direction of an accredited dive marshal, instructor 
or guide; or, if qualified, are diving within the guidelines of 
the relevant* diving or training agency or organisation and 
not diving alone.
 *BS AC Sports Diver – 35 metres, BSAC Dive Leader – 50 
metres, PADI Advanced Open Water – 30 metres, PADI Dive 
Master – 40 metres, PADI Deep Dive Speciality – 40 metres, 
SSI Advanced Open Water – 30 metres, SSAC Sports Diver 
– 35 metres or SSAC Master Diver – 50 metres. 
• Scub a diving to a depth greater than 50 metres below the 
surface, provided you are qualified to do so, and are diving 
within the guidelines of the relevant diving or training agency 
or organisation, are diving with a professionally organised 
party, and not diving alone. 
• T rekking (which does not require specialist climbing 
equipment) that reaches a maximum altitude between 
4000 metres and 6000 metres above sea level, if the trek 
takes more than 2 days to complete. 
• T rekking the Kokoda Track.
Note: We will not pay claims involving your participation 
during the journey in any activity undertaken in a professional 
capacity.
Motorcycle/Motorscooter/Quadbike Plus
As well as the cover we provide you under the Overseas 
Travel Policy, the cardholder can pay to upgrade cover for 
participation in the activities shown below during your journey. 
Cover is subject to meeting the criteria listed and starts from 
the time the extra premium is paid. 
You cannot apply for this Upgrade if:
• you have commenced your journey, or
• the st art date shown on your Certificate of Insurance 
has passed.
The maximum amount we will pay for all claims combined 
under each benefit is shown in a table in the relevant benefit 
section in the Overseas Travel Policy. In addition to any 
exclusions listed under each benefit, please also check General 
exclusions on pages 35-41 for other circumstances when 
we will not pay.

6766
Motorcycle/Motorscooter/Quadbike riding as the driver 
or passenger 
Even if the cardholder pays the extra premium, you will only be 
covered if: 
• the engine cap acity is between 51cc and 250cc inclusive if 
riding a motorcycle/motorscooter
• while in con trol of a motorcycle, motorscooter or quadbike 
you hold a valid Australian motorcycle rider’s licence or 
Australian motor vehicle driver’s licence
• while you are a passenger the driver holds a valid licence for 
riding that vehicle
• you are wearing a helmet
• you are not participating in a professional capacity
• you are not racing, and
• you are not participating in motocross.
Note: No cover will apply under Benefit 3: Personal Liability on 
pages 46-47. This means you are responsible to pay costs 
associated with damage to the vehicle or property or injury to 
another person.
Snow Extras
As well as the cover we provide you under the Overseas Travel 
Policy, for snow-based activities conducted on-piste (except 
those listed under General exclusions), a cardholder can pay 
to upgrade your policy to include the Benefits 16.1 - 16.6 
provided in the Snow Extras.
The maximum amount we will pay for all claims combined 
under each benefit is shown in the relevant benefit section.
In addition to the exclusions listed under each benefit, please 
also check General exclusions on pages 35-41 for other 
circumstances when we will not pay.
Benefit 16.1: Your Snow Sport 
Equipment
If snow sport equipment you own is accidentally damaged, 
permanently lost or is stolen during your journey, we will pay 
the lesser of the repair cost, the replacement cost, the amount 
it would cost us to repair or replace the item(s) allowing for any 
trade discounts we are entitled to or the original purchase price.
Our payment will not exceed the original purchase price of an 
item. Pairs or sets of equipment e.g. skis, ski poles, boots, or 
bindings are considered to be one item, not 2 or more separate 
items. 
Where the incident occurred while travelling with a transport 
provider, you may be entitled to compensation. We will pay the 
difference between the amount you have been reimbursed and 
the amount of your loss.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$2,000 $4,000
We will not pay for:
1. items le ft behind in any:
a. cruise cabin, hostel, hotel or motel room or peer to peer 
service type accommodation (including but not limited 
to Airbnb) after you have checked out, or
b. air craft, bus, car, peer to peer service transport vehicle 
(including but not limited to Uber), rental car, ship, taxi, 
train, tram or any other vehicle or vessel
2. lost or stolen snow sport equipment, that is not reported to 
the:
a. police or security personnel
b. responsible transport provider (if your items are lost or 
stolen while travelling with a transport provider), or
c. accommodation provider
 All cases o f loss or theft must be reported as soon as 
possible and within 7 days. A copy of the relevant report 
must be submitted for any claim involving loss or theft. If 
you are unable to provide us with a copy of the relevant 
report, you must provide us with a reasonable explanation 
and details of the time and place you made the report, 
including their contact details
3. snow sport equipment items sent unaccompanied by you or 
under a freight contract
4. loss or damage caused by atmospheric or climatic 
conditions, wear and tear, vermin or any process of cleaning, 
repairing, restoring or alteration
5. snow sport equipment left behind, forgotten, misplaced, 
walked away from or left unattended in a public place
6. snow sport equipment left unattended in any motor 
vehicle overnight even if they were in a concealed storage 
compartment 
7. snow sport equipment left unattended in any motor vehicle, 
unless it was stored in a concealed storage compartment 
of a locked motor vehicle and forced entry was gained: cover 
is limited to a maximum amount of $200 for each item, and 
$1,000 in total for all stolen items
8. loss or damage to snow sport equipment while it is in use, 
or

6968
9. claims relating to you participating in ice skating, offpiste or backcountry activities, bobsleighing, snow rafting, 
parapenting, heli-skiing, ski acrobatics, ski or snowboard 
jumping, aerial skiing, stunting, freestyle, skijoring or 
any form of power-assisted skiing or use of mechanised 
snowmobiles, except when provided by the recognised 
piste authorities for transporting you to and from 
designated areas.
Benefit 16.2: Snow Sport Equipment Hire
Snow sport equipment owned by you
If snow sport equipment you own is misdirected or delayed for 
a period of more than 24 hours, or is lost, stolen or damaged 
(and as part of a claim under Benefit 16.1) we will pay for the 
costs of hiring alternative snow sport equipment.
Snow sport equipment hired by you
If you are charged by the hire company following the loss of, or 
damage to, the snow sport equipment you hired, we will pay for 
the snow sport equipment hire insurance excess.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$2,000 $4,000
Benefit 16.3: Snow Sport Package
If you are unable to use your prepaid ski passes, snow sport 
equipment hire, tuition fees or lift passes due to you suffering a 
disabling injury, sickness or disease during your journey, we will 
reimburse you the unused portion of those costs.
You must obtain a medical certificate from your treating 
medical practitioner.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$1,250 $2,000
We will not pay for claims relating to you:
1. p articipating in ice skating, off-piste or backcountry 
activities, bobsleighing, snow rafting, parapenting, 
heli-skiing, ski acrobatics, ski or snowboard jumping, 
aerial skiing, stunting, freestyle, skijoring or any form of 
power-assisted skiing or use of mechanised snowmobiles 
except when provided by the recognised piste authorities for 
transporting you to and from designated areas, or
2. st aying in resorts in the northern hemisphere outside the 
period 15th December to 31st March or the southern 
hemisphere outside the period 15th June to 30th 
September (except resorts open outside of these periods 
that have sufficient snow for normal skiing activities).
Benefit 16.4: Piste Closure
If all lift systems in your pre-booked holiday resort are closed 
for more than 24 hours as a result of bad weather, power failure 
or not enough snow, we will pay you up to $100 for each 24 
hour period for the costs of transport to the nearest resort or 
additional ski passes.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$1,250 $2,000
We will not pay for claims relating to:
1. r esorts that do not have skiing facilities more than 1,000 
metres above sea level, or
2. you staying in resorts in the northern hemisphere outside 
the period 15th December to 31st March or the southern 
hemisphere outside the period 15th June to 30th 
September (except resorts open outside of these periods 
that have sufficient snow for normal skiing activities).

7170
Benefit 16.5: Bad Weather and Avalanche 
Closure
If your pre-booked outward or return journey is delayed for 
more than 12 hours from your scheduled departure time 
because of an avalanche or bad weather, we will pay you for 
additional travel and accommodation expenses you incur as a 
result of the delay.
You must have confirmation from the appropriate authority 
confirming the reason for, and length of, the delay.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$1,250 $2,000
We will not pay for claims relating to:
1. r esorts that do not have skiing facilities more than 1,000 
metres above sea level, or
2. you staying in resorts in the northern hemisphere outside 
the period 15th December to 31st March or the southern 
hemisphere outside the period 15th June to 30th 
September (except resorts open outside of these periods 
that have sufficient snow for normal skiing activities).
Benefit 16.6: Snow Skiing/Boarding Offpiste and Heli-skiing/Boarding
Claims arising from your participation in the following activities 
during your journey are covered if the cardholder adds the 
Snow Pack to the Overseas Travel Policy and pays us an extra 
premium. Cover starts from the time the extra premium is paid. 
Cover is subject to meeting the criteria listed below. 
Snow skiing/boarding off-piste and heli-skiing/boarding 
provided:
a. you are under 70 years of age at the time you activate the 
Overseas Travel Policy
b. while heli-skiing/bo arding you are on a guided tour with a 
licensed tour operator
c. when skiing or snowboarding off-piste, you are not going 
against local advice or warning
d. you are not participating in a professional capacity, and
e. you are not racing.
Cruise Extras
As well as the cover we provide you under the Overseas Travel 
Policy for cruising, the cardholder can pay to upgrade your 
policy to include the Benefits 17.1 - 17.5 provided in the Cruise 
Extras.
The maximum amount we will pay for all claims combined 
under each benefit is shown below the relevant section. In 
addition to any exclusions listed under each benefit, please 
also check General exclusions on pages 35-41 for other 
circumstances when we will not pay.
Benefit 17.1: Cabin Confinement
If during the period of cover you suffer a disabling injury, 
sickness or disease on a cruise vessel and the on board treating 
medical practitioner orders you to be confined to your cabin 
or the on board hospital we will pay you $50 for each 24 hour 
period of confinement. 
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$500 $1,000
Benefit 17.2: Prepaid Shore Excursion 
Cancellation
If you have a covered cabin confinement claim (see 
Benefit 17.1), we will pay you any cancellation costs incurred 
if you could not participate in your prepaid shore excursion(s) 
during that period of confinement.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$1,250 $2,000
Benefit 17.3: Formal Wear Damaged, 
Lost or Stolen 
If your formal wear is accidentally damaged, permanently lost or 
is stolen during your journey, we will pay the lesser of:
• the r epair or replacement cost, or
• the original pur chase price.
Our payment will not exceed the original purchase price of an 
item. Pairs or sets of formal wear (e.g. gloves, shoes and suits) 
are considered to be one item, not 2 or more separate items.

7372
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$1,250 $2,000
We will not pay for:
1. items le ft behind in:
a. an y hostel, hotel or motel room or peer to peer service 
type accommodation (including but not limited to 
Airbnb) after you have checked out
b. an y aircraft, bus, car, peer to peer service transport 
vehicle (including but not limited to Uber), rental car, 
ship, taxi, train, tram or any other vehicle or vessel
c. a cruise vessel cabin after you disembarked
2. lost , misplaced or stolen formal wear, that is not reported to 
the:
a. police or security personnel
b. responsible transport provider (if your items are lost or 
stolen while travelling with a transport provider), or
c. accommodation provider
 All cases o f loss or theft must be reported as soon as 
possible and within 7 days. A copy of the relevant report 
must be submitted for any claim involving loss or theft. If 
you are unable to provide us with a copy of the relevant 
report, you must provide us with a reasonable explanation 
and details of the time and place you made the report, 
including their contact details
3. damage or loss caused by atmospheric or climatic 
conditions, wear and tear, vermin or any process of cleaning, 
repairing, restoring or alteration, or
4. items le ft behind, forgotten, misplaced, walked away from or 
left unattended in a public place.
Benefit 17.4: Delayed Formal Wear
If, on the outward leg of your journey, your formal wear is 
delayed, misdirected or misplaced for over 12 hours from the 
time you boarded the cruise vessel and it is necessary to buy or 
hire replacement formal wear, we will pay you the reasonable 
expenses to do so.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$250 $500
We will not pay for:
1. claims under this benefit if you are entitled to compensation 
from the bus line, airline, shipping line or rail authority you 
were travelling on for the relevant amount claimed. However, 
if you are not reimbursed the full amount, we will pay the 
difference between the amount of your expenses and what 
you were reimbursed, up to the limit of your cover.
Benefit 17.5: Marine Rescue Diversion
If the cruise vessel you are travelling on is obliged to carry out 
a marine rescue during your journey, we will give you $100 for 
each 24 hour period the diversion lasts up to a maximum of 5 
days.
Cover applies where the marine rescue is carried out according 
to international conventions governing the Law of the Sea and 
Search and Rescue.
The maximum benefit limit for this section is:
Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Smart & Ultimate
cardholder only cardholder with family
$500 $1,000

7574
Other 
Insurances
A range of protections are included, such as insurance for 
Interstate Flight Inconvenience, Price Guarantee, Purchase 
Security and Extended Warranty. 
Insurance will apply for purchases made using your eligible credit 
card. E.g. For Extended Warranty the entire cost of the personal 
goods item must be charged to the eligible credit card account. 
Interstate Flight Inconvenience and Price Guarantee do not apply 
to Gold cards.
These insurance covers are subject to the conditions, exclusions, 
limits, sub-limits and terms following and must be read in 
conjunction with Important Information. You must also check 
General exclusions, pages 35-41, for other reasons why 
we will not pay.
Included at no extra cost upon spend. 
Interstate Flight Inconvenience 
Interstate Flight Inconvenience is a cover available to 
Commonwealth Bank personal Platinum, business Platinum, 
personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards and personal 
Ultimate Awards cardholders, subject to the following terms 
and conditions and the details in Important Information. It is not 
available to Norfolk Island Residents.
It covers the cardholder during interstate travel, provided the 
cardholder charges the entire cost of their return interstate 
flight to their eligible credit card account. 
This cover extends to the personal Platinum, personal 
Diamond, personal Smart Awards or personal Ultimate Awards 
cardholder’s family, provided they are travelling with the 
personal Platinum, personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards or 
Ultimate Awards cardholder and the entire cost of their return 
interstate flights were also charged to the personal Platinum, 
personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards or personal Ultimate 
Awards cardholder’s eligible credit card account.
For Benefit 4: Cancellation of Domestic Travel Arrangements, this 
cover starts once the entire cost of your return interstate flight 
has been charged to the Platinum, Diamond, Smart Awards or 
Ultimate Awards cardholder’s eligible credit card account and 
ceases when you commence your interstate flight.
For all other benefits under this Interstate Flight Inconvenience, 
cover starts on the earlier of:
• the departure date shown on your return interstate flight 
ticket, or
• the time you leave your home if you travel directly from that 
home to the airport shown on your return interstate flight 
ticket. 
Cover ceases when the first of the following occurs:
• 7 days after the departure date shown on the business 
Platinum cardholder’s return interstate flight ticket
• 14 days after the departure date shown on the personal 
Platinum, personal Diamond, personal Smart Awards or 
personal Ultimate Awards cardholder’s return interstate 
flight ticket
• When you cancel your interstate flight ticket
• When you return to your home if you travel directly to that 
home from the airport shown on your return interstate 
flight ticket
Insurance cover for ‘business goods’ is only available to 
business Platinum cardholders

7776
1. Delays
a. F light delay
If your intended interstate flight is delayed by 4 hours or more, 
and no alternative transport is made available, you are entitled 
to charge up to $35 for each of you to the cardholder’s eligible 
credit card account for meals and refreshments, up to a total of 
$100.
b. 12 hour luggage delay
If, following your interstate flight, your luggage containing 
clothes and toiletries is delayed in getting to you for over 12 
hours, you are entitled to charge up to $150 for each of you 
to the cardholder’s eligible credit card account for essential 
clothing and toiletries, up to a total of $450.
2. L oss of or damage to business items or personal 
goods
We insure you during your interstate travel, while this cover is in 
force, for the theft and accidental loss of, or damage to, clothing 
and your business items or personal goods that you have with 
you. We will pay up to a maximum amount of $750 for each 
item to a maximum of $1,500 in total per trip.
We do not cover your business items or personal goods 
under this benefit in any of the circumstances specified in 
the Overseas Travel Policy, Benefit 10: Baggage and Personal 
Goods under ‘We will not pay for’. 
If an item is damaged, lost or stolen, after deducting 
depreciation as shown in the depreciation table, we will repair 
the item if it is practical and economic to do so. If it is not 
practical and economic to repair the item and depreciation 
is not applicable, we will replace the item or provide you 
with a replacement voucher if the item is available from our 
usual suppliers. If the above do not apply, we will pay you the 
monetary value of the item.
Where the item is part of a pair or set, you will receive no more 
than the value of the particular part or parts lost, stolen or 
damaged, regardless of any special value that the item may have 
by way of being part of such pair or set. Our payment will not be 
more than the amount you paid for the item and depreciation 
will be deducted in accordance with the table following (where 
applicable).
An excess of $250 applies. See Policy conditions, 1. Excess – 
what you contribute to your claim on page 16 for details.
Depreciation table
Items
Age of 
item and 
depreciation 
that applies
Jewellery
(not 
watches or 
costume 
jewellery)
Communication 
devices, all 
computers, electrical 
devices, electronics 
equipment, phones, 
all, photographic 
equipment, smart 
watches, tablet 
computers
Any other 
items
New-24 
months 0% 0% 0%
25-36 
months 0% 60% 36%
More than 36 
months 0% 60% 60%
3. Funeral expenses as a result of accidental death
If, while on interstate travel and while this cover is in force, you 
die as a result of injury caused accidentally, directly and solely 
by a sudden physical force (but not illness or disease), we will 
pay:
1. the r easonable costs of returning your remains or ashes to 
your home town/city in Australia and/or
2. the cost o f the funeral or cremation.
The maximum amount we will pay for this benefit is up to 
$2,500 for each of you, to a maximum of $7,000.
4. Cancellation of domestic travel arrangements
Under this benefit, we cover you for your cancelled nonrefundable travel arrangements (but not taxes, airport or travel 
agent charges), and additional travel and accommodation 
expenses associated with the cancellation, to a maximum of 
$3,000.
An excess of $250 applies. See Policy conditions, 1. Excess – 
what you contribute to your claim on page 16 for details.
Cover applies if travel arrangements you have paid for are 
cancelled for any of the following reasons, provided the entire 
cost of your return interstate flight has already been charged to 
the cardholder’s eligible credit card account: 
1. You, your travel companion or a relative unexpectedly:
a. die(s)
b. is seriously injured, or
c. become(s) seriously ill.
 We will need to see a medical advice written by a medical 
practitioner regarding any of the above events, and be 
satisfied that the expenses involved are reasonable

7978
2. You or your travel companion’s normal residence in 
Australia is totally destroyed but not as a result of an 
act of terrorism
3. You or your travel companion are quarantined
4. You or your travel companion are subpoenaed to attend 
court in Australia
5. Your arranged travel is cancelled or delayed by the 
carrier because of an unexpected natural disaster or the 
mechanical breakdown of the aircraft
6. You are involuntarily made redundant from permanent fulltime employment in Australia after a continuous working 
period of 2 years with the same employer and where you 
would not have been aware before the interstate flight was 
purchased that the redundancy was to occur.
Price Guarantee
Price Guarantee cover is available to Commonwealth Bank 
personal Platinum, business Platinum, personal Diamond, 
personal Smart Awards and personal Ultimate Awards 
cardholders, when:
• business items or personal goods to the value of $10,000 
are purchased by a Platinum, Diamond, Smart Awards 
or Ultimate Awards cardholder in a store (not online) in 
Australia, and 
• the en tire cost is charged to the Platinum, Diamond, Smart 
Awards or Ultimate Awards cardholder’s eligible credit card 
account.
Cover is subject to the following and the details contained in 
Important Information.
What is covered?
This cover refunds the cardholder the difference in price if, 
within 21 days of the purchase, they advise us that they have, 
subsequent to their purchase, received a printed or emailed 
catalogue showing the same business items or personal goods 
for a lower price in a store within 25 kilometres of the store that 
the business items or personal goods were purchased, and the 
price difference is greater than $75.
To make a claim, you must report the cheaper article and 
submit your claim to us within 30 days of the purchase of the 
business items/personal goods. 
The cheaper business item or personal goods must be: the 
same model number, the same model year and produced by the 
same manufacturer as the business items or personal goods 
purchased by you.
What is the cover limit?
Provided the price difference is greater than $75, we will refund 
the price difference up to a maximum amount of $500 for any 
one item, set or pair items (including attached and unattached 
accessories).
What is not covered?
This section does not cover business items or personal goods 
purchased or advertised exclusively on the internet.
Purchase Security
Purchase Security is a cover available to all Commonwealth 
Bank eligible cardholders, subject to the following terms and 
conditions and the details contained in Important Information of 
this booklet.
This cover provides 90 consecutive days of cover (from the 
date of purchase) in the event of loss, theft or damage of a 
wide range of new business items or personal goods purchased 
anywhere in the world, when those items are charged to the 
cardholder’s eligible credit card account or purchased by 
redeeming Commonwealth Awards points.
We do not cover your business items or personal goods 
under this benefit in any of the circumstances specified in 
the Overseas Travel Policy, Benefit 10: Baggage and Personal 
Goods under ‘We will not pay for’.
If an item is damaged, lost or stolen we will repair the item if 
it is practical and economic to do so. If it is not practical and 
economic to repair the item, we will replace the item or provide 
you with a replacement voucher if the item is available from our 
usual suppliers. If the above do not apply, we will pay you the 
monetary value of the item.
Where the item is part of a pair or set, you will receive no more 
than the value of the particular part or parts lost, stolen or 
damaged, regardless of any special value that the item may 
have by way of being part of such pair or set. Our payment will 
not be more than the amount you
 paid for the item.
Terms and conditions
1. T his cover provides automatic insurance protection for new 
business items or personal goods when their purchase is 
charged to an eligible credit card or the purchase is made 
by direct redemption of Commonwealth Awards points, 
unless the business items or personal goods and/or claims 
are excluded by the policy’s terms and conditions, or the 
cardholder fails to comply with the policy conditions in 
this booklet. For the avoidance of doubt, business items or 
personal goods being purchased by instalment payments 
(e.g. mobile phone contracts) are not covered until the final 
payment is made.

8180
2. Cover extends to permanent Australian residents who 
receive the new business items or personal goods as a gift 
from a cardholder who has purchased the business items 
or personal goods in accordance with point 1 above. For the 
purpose of this cover, these persons are also referred to as 
cardholder or cardholders.
3. The business items or personal goods are insured anywhere 
in the world for 90 consecutive days from the date of 
purchase in the event of loss, theft or damage. However, 
there is no cover until you have taken possession of the 
business items or personal goods.
4. An e xcess of $100 applies. See Policy conditions, 1. Excess – 
what you contribute to your claim on page 16 for details.
What are the cover limits?
We will pay the lesser of:
1. the act ual amount charged to the cardholder’s eligible 
credit card account to purchase the new business items or 
personal goods
2. the mark et value of the business items or personal goods 
purchased through the redemption of Commonwealth 
Awards points
3. in r espect of jewellery, watches and fine arts, a maximum 
amount of:
a. $3,000 for personal Gold, personal Platinum business 
Gold and business Platinum cardholders, and
b. $10,000 for personal Platinum, personal Diamond, 
personal Smart Awards and personal Ultimate Awards 
cardholders, or
4. up to a maximum in any 12 month period of:
a. $6,000 for business Gold and business Platinum 
cardholders
b. $125,000 for personal Gold cardholders, and
c. $200,000 for personal Platinum, personal Diamond, 
personal Smart Awards and personal Ultimate Awards 
cardholders
 in r espect of any one eligible credit card account.
Extended Warranty 
Extended Warranty is a cover available to all Commonwealth 
Bank eligible cardholders, subject to the following terms and 
conditions and the details contained in Important Information of 
this booklet.
The purpose of the cover is to extend the manufacturer’s 
expressed written Australian warranty on business items or 
personal goods (the warranty that is applicable and able to be 
fulfilled within Australia and that has been properly registered 
with the manufacturer). This is provided the purchase is 
charged to the cardholder’s eligible credit card account or is 
purchased by redeeming Commonwealth Awards points.
The business items or personal goods may come with 
guarantees from the seller and/or the manufacturer that cannot 
be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law or other 
relevant law and that may entitle you to a replacement or refund 
for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably 
foreseeable loss or damage. 
You may also be entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced, 
if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does 
not amount to a major failure.
This Extended Warranty operates alongside, and in addition 
to, and does not change or take away any rights you may have 
under, the Australian Consumer Law in relation to your business 
items or personal goods. However, you can choose to make a 
claim under this cover even if you have rights under the law.
Terms and conditions
1. T he cover provided by this Extended Warranty in respect of 
the purchase of business items or personal goods comes 
into effect at the end of the Australian warranty period that 
applies to those business items or personal goods and 
covers the cost to repair or replace the business items or 
personal goods.
2. This Extended Warranty period will be for a duration 
equivalent to the Australian warranty period, up to a 
maximum of one full year, and does not apply if the 
Australian warranty exceeds 5 years.
The table below sets out examples of how extended warranty 
periods apply:
Australian warranty period Extended warranty period
7 days 7 days
14 days 14 days
1 month 1 month
6 months 6 months
1 to 5 years 1 year
Over 5 years No cover
3. O nly covered breakdowns are eligible for Extended Warranty. 
A covered breakdown means the failure of business items 
or personal goods to operate for the purpose for which they 
were designed as a result of a breakdown or defect, provided 
the breakdown or defect is covered by the terms of the 
Australian warranty.
4. You must take all reasonable care to protect and maintain 
the business items or personal goods insured under this 
cover.

8382
5. If a claim is to be paid under this cover, you must obtain 
approval from us prior to proceeding with any repairs or 
replacement of the business items or personal goods, 
which have broken down, or are defective. You must also 
retain the business items or personal goods or parts for our 
inspection.
6. An e xcess of $100 applies. See Policy conditions, 1. Excess – 
what you contribute to your claim on page 16 for details.
What are the cover limits?
We will not pay more than:
1. the act ual Australian dollar purchase price of the business 
items or personal goods charged to the eligible credit card 
account
2. the mark et value of the business items or personal goods 
purchased through the redemption of Commonwealth 
Awards points, and
3. up to a maximum in any 12 month period of:
a. $6,000 for business Gold and business Platinum 
cardholders
b. $10,000 for personal Gold cardholders, and
c. $20,000 for personal Platinum, personal Diamond, 
personal Smart Awards and personal Ultimate Awards 
cardholders
 in r espect of any one eligible credit card account.

8584
General Information
General Insurance Code of Practice
We are a signatory to the General Insurance Code of Practice (the 
Code) and support the Code. The objectives of the Code are:
• to commit us to high standards of service;
• to pr omote better, more informed relations between us and 
you;
• to main tain and promote trust and confidence in the general 
insurance industry;
• to pr ovide fair and effective mechanisms for the resolution 
of complaints and disputes you make about us; and
• to pr omote continuous improvement of the general 
insurance industry through education and training.
The Code Governance Committee is an independent body that 
monitors and enforces insurers compliance with the Code.
Further information about the Code or the Code Governance 
Committee and your rights under it is available at 
insurancecouncil.com.au/cop/ or by contacting us.
Financial Claims Scheme
If the insurer becomes insolvent, you may be entitled to 
payment under the Financial Claims Scheme (FCS). Access to 
the FCS is subject to eligibility criteria. Please visit fcs.gov.au for 
information.
We respect your privacy
In this Privacy Notice the use of “we”, “our” or “us” means both 
Cover- More and the insurer, unless specified otherwise.
Why your personal information is collected
We collect your personal information (including sensitive 
information) to help us in:
• identifying you and conducting necessary checks
• de termining what services or products we can provide to 
you and/or others
• issuing, managing and administering services and products 
provided to you and/or others including claims investigation, 
handling and payment, and
• impr oving services and products, e.g. training and 
developing representatives, product and service research, 
data analysis and business strategy development.
Cover-More also collects your personal information to provide 
you with special offers of other services and products that may 
be of interest to you.
How your personal information is collected
We may collect your personal information through websites, 
from data you or your travel consultant input directly, or 
through cookies and other web analytic tools, also via email, fax, 
telephone or in writing.
We collect personal information directly from you unless:
• you have consented to collection from someone else
• it is unr easonable or impracticable for us to do so, or
• the la w permits us to collect from someone else.
We also collect additional personal information from other third 
parties to provide you with our services and products. If you 
provide personal information to us about another person you 
must only do so with their consent and agree to make them 
aware of this Privacy Notice.
Who we disclose your personal information to
We may disclose your personal information to other parties and 
service providers for the reasons explained above. The other 
parties and service providers include:
• insur ers and reinsurers
• medical pr oviders, travel providers and your travel consultant
• our lawyers and other professional advisers
• our related companies and other representatives or 
contractors who we have hired to provide services or to 
monitor the services provided by us or our agents, our 
products or operations, and/or
• o ther parties we may be able to claim or recover against or 
other parties where permitted or required by law.
Additional parties and service providers are detailed in the 
Cover- More Privacy Policy and the insurer’s Privacy Statement. 
The contractual arrangements that we have in place with these 
parties and service providers generally include an obligation for 
them to comply with Australian privacy laws.
We may need to disclose personal information about you to 
other parties and service providers, some of whom may be 
located overseas. Who they are may change from time to 
time. Generally these recipients will be located in the overseas 
countries you travelled to over the duration of your policy and 
your claim. These recipients would usually be service providers, 
such as medical providers, providers of travel-related services, 
investigators, assessors and facilitators or our related entities 
that carry out services on our behalf in relation to your policy 
and your claim. Further details of these types of recipients 
are set out in the Cover-More Privacy Policy and the insurer’s 
Privacy Statement.

8786
We may not always be able to take reasonable steps to ensure 
that these recipients comply with the Privacy Act 1988. Some 
of the countries where these recipients are based may not offer 
the same protection or obligations that are offered by the Act in 
Australia. By acquiring the services and products from us, you 
agree that you may not be able to seek redress under the Act, or 
from us and/or from the recipients in overseas countries, or to 
the extent permitted by law.
You and any other traveller included on the policy consent to 
these uses and disclosures unless you tell Cover-More, using 
the contact details following.
Your choices
If you choose not to provide your personal information and/
or choose not to consent and/or withdraw your consent to the 
use and disclosure of your personal information, set out in this 
Privacy Notice, at any stage, we may not be able to provide our 
services or products or manage and administer services and 
products to you and/or others.
If you wish to withdraw your consent, including for things such 
as receiving information on products and offers, please contact 
Cover-More using the following methods.
More information
For more information about how your personal information is 
collected, used or disclosed, how to access or seek correction to 
your personal information or how to make a complaint and how 
such a complaint will be handled, please contact us or refer to 
the relevant website.
Cover-More Privacy Officer
Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd
Mail: PO Box 2027, North Sydney NSW 2059 Australia
Email: privacy.officerCBA@covermore.com.au
Call: 1300 72 88 22
Website: covermore.com.au/covermore_privacy_policy
ZAIL Privacy Officer
Zurich Australian Insurance Limited
Mail: PO Box 677, North Sydney NSW 2059
Email: privacy.officer@zurich.com.au
Call: 132 687
Website: zurich.com.au/important-information/privacy
Complaints and disputes resolution 
process 
We and Cover-More are committed to resolving any complaint 
or dispute fairly.
If you have a complaint about an insurance product we 
issued or the service you have received (from us or one of our 
representatives), please contact us. We will put you in contact 
with someone who can help to resolve the complaint. You can 
talk over the phone, email or write:
• Call Cover -More on 1300 467 951
• W rite to the Customer Relations Manager
 P ost: PO Box 2027, North Sydney NSW 2059
 Email: customerrelationsCBA@covermore.com.au
We will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within 24 hours 
or as soon as practicable.
If you are not satisfied with our initial response, you may use our 
Internal Dispute resolution process.
We expect that our internal dispute resolution process will deal 
fairly and promptly with your complaint, however, you may take 
your complaint to the Australian Financial Complaints Authority 
(AFCA) at any time.
AFCA is an independent dispute resolution scheme. We 
are a member of this scheme and we agree to be bound by 
its determinations about a dispute. AFCA provides fair and 
independent financial services complaint resolution that is free 
to you.
Their contact details are: 
Australian Financial Complaints Authority 
Call: 1800 931 678
Address: GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001
Email: info@afca.org.au
Website: afca.org.au 
If your complaint or dispute falls outside the AFCA rules, you 
can seek independent legal advice or access any other external 
dispute resolution options that may be available to you.

8988
About the Group Policy 
The Group Policy is a contract of insurance between us and the 
Commonwealth Bank who is the insured entity under the policy. 
Access to benefits under the Group Policy is provided to 
cardholders solely by operation of section 48 of the Insurance 
Contracts Act 1984. 
Cardholders do not enter into any agreement with us and 
cannot vary or cancel the Group Policy, as they are not the 
contracting insured. If we or the Commonwealth Bank cancel or 
vary the Group Policy, neither we or the Commonwealth Bank 
need to obtain consent to do so. 
We do not provide any notices to cardholders. We only send 
notices to the Commonwealth Bank (to whom we have 
contractual obligations). 
You are not obliged to accept any of the cover benefits, but 
if you wish to make a claim under the Group Policy then you 
have the same obligations to us as the Commonwealth Bank 
in accordance with the Insurance Contracts Act. We have the 
same rights regarding cardholders as we have regarding the 
Commonwealth Bank. 
Neither we nor the Commonwealth Bank hold anything in trust, 
for the benefit of, or on your behalf under the Group Policy. 
The Commonwealth Bank does not act on our behalf or on your 
behalf in relation to the insurance. 
Any person who may be eligible should consider obtaining 
advice as to whether the benefits are appropriate or useful 
for their needs, from a person who is licensed to give such 
advice. No advice is provided by us, our representatives or the 
Commonwealth Bank that this insurance is appropriate or 
useful for any person’s needs. Nothing prevents such persons 
from entering into other insurance arrangements.
Termination of the Group Policy
The Commonwealth Bank may terminate or vary the Group 
Policy at any time. If this happens, the Commonwealth Bank 
will:
• give the cardholder written notice of the variation or 
termination, or
• advise the cardholder that a variation or termination will occur.
In these circumstances, the Commonwealth Bank will not 
provide the cardholder with a copy of the actual changes 
made to the cover. The Commonwealth Bank will direct the 
cardholder to the relevant website URL for the details of the 
variation or termination and inform the cardholder that they 
can call the Commonwealth Bank to request that a copy of the 
actual changes is sent to the cardholder by post or email.
Purchases made in accordance with the existing Included Cover 
before the Group Policy is varied or terminated will still be 
eligible for that cover. Any purchases made after the variation 
or termination of the Group Policy will not be eligible for the 
existing cover.
Cancelling your policy
The cover provided under the Overseas Travel Policy or any 
Upgrades can be cancelled by the cardholder at any time. 
If the cardholder cancels their Overseas Travel Policy, any 
Upgrades bought by the cardholder will also be cancelled at the 
same time. 
For Upgrades cancelled within a cooling-off period of 21 days 
after you are issued your Certificate of Insurance, you will be 
given a full refund of the premium you paid, provided you have 
not started your journey or you do not want to make a claim.
After this period you can still cancel your cover. We will refund 
to you a proportion of the premium for the unexpired period of 
cover (less any non-refundable government charges and taxes 
that we have paid and are not recoverable). You are not entitled 
to a refund if you have started your journey, you want to make a 
claim, or exercise any other right under your cover. 
To cancel your cover please call Cover-More on 1300 467 951 
(within Australia) or +61 2 8907 5060 (from overseas) or email 
commbank@covermore.com.au.
Change of terms and conditions
From time to time, and where permitted by law, we may 
change parts of the PDS and Information Booklet. We will 
issue you/the cardholder with a new PDS, Information 
Booklet or a Supplementary PDS or Information Booklet or 
other compliant document to update the relevant details, 
except in limited cases. Any updates, which are not materially 
adverse to you/the cardholder from the view of a reasonable 
person deciding whether to acquire this insurance, can be 
found on commbank.com.au/travelinsuranceincluded. You/
the cardholder can obtain a paper copy of any updated 
information, without charge, by calling Cover-More on 
1300 467 951.

9190
Notes Notes

Contact details
Travel insurance 
24 hour emergency assistance
Please call Australia DIRECT and TOLL FREE 
from:
USA 1844 345 1662 UK 0808 234 3737
Canada 1844 345 1662 NZ 0800 632 031
Charges apply if calling from a pay phone or 
mobile phone.
From all other countries or if you experience 
difficulties with the numbers above:
Call direct: +61 2 8907 5641
Fax: +61 2 9055 3303
General enquiries (non-emergency)
To activate your policy, upgrade your policy, ask 
about claims or other details about the insurance 
included with your credit card, please call or 
email:
1300 467 951 (within Australia)
+61 2 8907 5060 (from overseas)
commbank@covermore.com.au
How to make a claim – See page 5
Commonwealth Bank
By phone
Australia
13 2221 131 576 
Personal and Business Non- Awards 
Business Awards customers 
customers
From overseas
+61 2 9999 3283
Date prepared: 
16 January 2025
Issue: 9
P58_CBA Credit Card Insurances_RMEA-022698-2025_01