Home loan interest rates
Find out about our competitive home loan interest rates and see if you could save today. No ANZ
set up or ongoing fees.
We regularly review our interest rates, including following the Reserve Bank of Australia
meetings. Here’s our latest update
 The information on this page does not apply to ANZ Plus products
1

Negotiate your variable rate
You may be able to get a lower interest rate on our ANZ Standard Variable home loan,
personalised to you depending on your situation. Chat with us to find out if you’re
eligible.
Request a call back
Current home loan interest rates
Different types of home loans and repayment options are some of the main factors determining
our available home loan interest rates. To view our current interest rates, follow these steps:
1. Choose your Interest rate type – Fixed or Variable
2. Choose your loan type – Home to live in (Owner occupier) or Investment property (Investor)
3. Choose your repayment type – Principal and interest or Interest only
You're look ing for...
Variable interest
rates Fixed interest rates
Variable home loan rates
Loan type:
Home to live in
Investment

Repayment type:
 
ANZ Standard Variable home loan
Our most flexible home loan with plenty of features, like an offset account to help
save on interest (for $10 a month).
Your Loan to Value Ratio
Interest rate
Comparison rate
LVR 80% or less
6.74% p.a.
6.74% p.a.
LVR more than 80%
6.94% p.a.
6.94% p.a.
Index rate
8.14% p.a.
8.14% p.a.
 
What's an Index Rate?
Want to estimate your LVR? Calculate now
Principal & interest
Interest only
T ooltip
T ooltip
2
3
4
5
5
6

ANZ Simplicity PLUS home loan
A no-frills home loan with a competitive interest rate and basic features.
Your Loan to Value Ratio
Interest rate
Comparison rate
LVR 60% or less
5.89% p.a.
5.90% p.a.
LVR 70% or less
5.94% p.a.
5.95% p.a.
LVR 80% or less
6.04% p.a.
6.04% p.a.
LVR 90% or less
6.59% p.a.
6.59% p.a.
LVR more than 90%
7.14% p.a.
7.14% p.a.
T ooltip
T ooltip
2
3
4
7
7
7
7
7

Index rate
7.49% p.a.
7.49% p.a.
 
What's an Index Rate?
Want to estimate your LVR? Calculate now
6

Apply in 5 minutes, and we'll call you back
Just tell us a little bit about:
You
Your financial situation
The loan you're applying for
And one of our home loan specialists will get in touch to progress with your application.
Call back time is 1-3 business days.

Apply online
Need help choosing an ANZ home loan?
We’ve got the tool to help you compare your ANZ home loan options! See our Home Loan
comparison tool for a clear side-by-side view of ANZ home loans, so you can make informed
decisions with ease.
Compare our home loans
Calculate your LVR
9

Loan to Value Ratio Calculator
You may be able to apply for a discounted interest rate based on your Loan to Value Ratio (LVR).
Your LVR is the amount you're looking to borrow, divided by the value of the property you want
to buyand expressed as a percentage. For instance, if you're borrowing $400,000 to buy a
$500,000 property, your LVR would be 80%.
This estimate is based on the limited information provided and is for illustration purposes only. Estimated LVR
is rounded up to one decimal place.Read more about the LVR calculator.
Estimated property value
0
I want to borrow
0
Loan to Value Ratio (LVR)
-%
$
$
Calculate your home loan repayments
Estimate quickly what your home loan repayments might be for a new loan, or compare current
and estimated future repayments for different scenarios if you have an existing loan.
Property type
Loan amount (include redraw if applicable. See FAQs)
$500,000
Owner occupier Residential investment
T ooltip
8
10

$0 Monthly
Interest rate -%
Comparison rate -%
Interest rate type Variable
Variable or fixed rate?
Payment type
Principal and Interest 
Interest rate
Please select 
Comparison rate: -%
Enter my own interest rate
Loan period in years
30 
Calculate my payments
Your estimated repayments
Add a new scenario
Add a different repayment scenario to compare
Variable Fixed
T ooltip
T ooltip

Estimated repayments and repayment scenario comparisons are estimates only based on the loan amounts,
loan types and loan terms selected. The comparisons are indicative estimates for illustrative purposes only and
are based on current interest rates (which may change). Comparison rate calculated on a loan amount of
$150,000 over a term of 25 years based on monthly payments, including any applicable interest rate discounts.
These rates are for secured loans only. WARNING: This Comparison Rate is true only for the examples given
and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a
different comparison rate. For interest only variable loans, the comparison rates are based on an initial 5 year
interest only term. For fixed rate interest only loans, the comparison rates are based on an initial interest only
period equal in term to the fixed period. The repayment calculator does not show all interest rates. Our home
loan interest rates page shows all available rates, including special offers and discounts when borrowing 80%
or less of the property value.
Start over
Check out our home loan offers
Check out our $3,000 bonus offer for eligible first home buyers with an ANZ home loan of
$250,000 or more
 
Learn more about the LMI waiver for eligible professionals
 
Connect with our home loan specialists or apply
Our ANZ Home Loan Specialists can help you with a whole range of things, such as:
Applying for a new home loan
Refinancing a home loan

Managing your existing loan
Helping you understand your ANZ Home Loan options so you can make your next move with
confidence
Get support in a number of ways:
Let us come back to you
Provide your details and one of our Home Loan Specialists will contact you via phone or email.
Response time is 1-3 days.
Request a call back
 
Make an appointment
Chat with one of our home loan specialists by phone, video call or in person at your nearest
branch.
Book an appointment
Call us now
With extended hours, you can get in touch with someone quickly.
Monday-Friday 8am-7pm (Sydney/Melbourne time)

Call 1800 100 641
Meet with an ANZ Mobile Lender
ANZ Mobile Lenders will go the extra mile with the experience and knowledge to navigate all
ANZ home loans. Enjoy the convenience of meeting wherever and whenever suits you best. ANZ
Mobile Lenders are dedicated ANZ Home Loan Specialists who can provide personalised service
where and when it suits you.
Find your ANZ Mobile Lender
Start your application online
Kick things off online and an ANZ Home Loan Specialist will contact you to help with the
remainder of the application process.
Apply online now
Talk to your broker
You can also chat to an ANZ accredited broker for help with your home buying, investing or
11

refinancing needs.
 
Frequently asked questions
What are home loan interest rates? 
What is a comparison rate? 
How is interest calculated on an ANZ home loan? 
What is interest only, and how is it different from principal and interest?
What happens if interest rates increase or decrease? 
What are LVR and LMI? 
How to calculate Loan to Value Ratio (LVR)? 
How to calculate home loan repayments? 
What is an index rate? 
The information on this page does not take into account your personal needs and financial
circumstances and you should consider whether it is appropriate for you and read the relevant
terms and conditions, Product Disclosure Statement and the ANZ Financial Services Guide (PDF)
before acquiring any product. 
Important information 

Applications for credit subject to approval. Terms and conditions available on application. Fees and
charges apply. Australian credit licence 234527.
Repayment Calculator
All applications for credit are subject to ANZ credit approval criteria. Product terms and conditions
are available on application.
This is an estimate for illustrative purposes only and is based on the limited information provided. It
does not constitute an offer of credit. To apply for an ANZ Home Loan you must complete an
application.
The estimated repayment amount does not include any fees or charges.
If a Variable Rate Loan is selected, the interest rate will be subject to change throughout the term of
the Loan, which can impact on repayment amounts.
Results are based on approximate amortised scheduled repayments and do not take into account
interest rate changes or other events that may change repayment amounts on a loan.
For fixed rate loans, once the fixed rate period expires, the loan reverts to a standard variable rate
loan and repayment amounts will change.
For interest only loans, once the interest only period expires, the loan will revert to the applicable
variable principal and interest rate for the remainder of the loan term (unless another interest only
period is taken). At the end of the interest only period, minimum repayment amounts may increase
to cover principal and interest. Interest only loans are not for everyone and you should consider if
this is the right strategy for you.
Where a custom fixed or interest only rate has been selected, once the fixed or interest only period
expires, the loan reverts to a standard variable rate loan with principal and interest repayments. In
calculating these repayments, the repayment calculator will use the standard variable rate that most
closely aligns with the Loan to Value Ratio (LVR) implied by the custom rate selected.
Interest rates are current as at Thursday, 19 February 2026 and are subject to change.
ANZ Home Loans are available for periods between of at least 1 year and up to 30 years in duration.
ANZ Home Loans are available for a minimum of $20,000 for new Standard Variable and new Fixed
Rate loans and $50,000 for new Simplicity PLUS home loans. This calculator has been set to a
maximum of $9,900,000 but you can apply for a higher amount.
Applications for credit are subject to ANZ credit approval criteria. Terms and conditions, and fees
and charges apply. Australian credit licence 234527.
The interest rate shown includes any applicable interest rate discount from the index rate. For ANZ
Standard Variable, the interest rate discount is 1.20% p.a. for loans with a Loan to Value Ratio (LVR) of
greater than 80% and 1.40% p.a. for loans with a LVR 80% or less. For applications submitted from 28
October 2024 for ANZ Fixed, there is no interest rate discount for loans with a LVR of greater than
80% and the interest rate discount is 0.45% p.a. for loans with a LVR of 80% or less.
* The rate shown is the Simplicity PLUS Home Loan index less the applicable special offer discount.

Rates are subject to change. Eligibility criteria apply to special offer discounts, including $50,000 or
more in new or additional ANZ lending. Offers can be withdrawn or changed anytime.
LVR is the amount you're looking to borrow, calculated as a percentage of the value of the property
you want to buy. Property value is ANZ's valuation of the security property and may be different to
the price you pay for a property.
1. Eligibility criteria applies. Applicants must receive PAYG income or earn income via wages paid
from their own company (all other forms of self-employed income are excluded from this policy)
and be refinancing their loan from another financial institution only. The loan must not require
Lenders Mortgage Insurance. The current minimum repayment must be greater than or equal to the
minimum principal and interest repayment for the residual term of the new loan. Maximum cash out
of $50,000. There must be 12 months repayment history evident on CCR (Comprehensive Credit
Reporting)  for the loan being refinanced and no evidence of delinquency/hardship on any ANZ or
other financial institution accounts in the past 24 months. There must be no more than 3 new credit
card or personal loan products opened by the customer in the last 12 months.
2. Property value is ANZ's valuation of the security property and may be different to the price you
pay for a property.
3. Interest rates shown on this page are current as at Thursday, 19 February 2026 and are subject to
change. For all applicable fees & charges please see the ANZ Personal Banking Account Fees and
Charges (PDF), ANZ Personal Banking General Fees and Charges (PDF) and your letter of offer.
4. Comparison rate calculated on a loan amount of $150,000 over a term of 25 years based on
monthly payments, including any applicable interest rate discounts. These rates are for secured
loans only.
WARNING: This Comparison Rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees
and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison
rate.
For interest only variable loans, the comparison rates are based on an initial 5 year interest only
term. For fixed rate interest only loans, the comparison rates are based on an initial interest only
period equal in term to the fixed period.
5. The interest rate shown includes any applicable interest rate discount from the index rate. For ANZ
Standard Variable, the interest rate discount is 1.20% p.a. for loans with a Loan to Value Ratio (LVR) of
greater than 80% and 1.40% p.a. for loans with a LVR 80% or less. For applications submitted from 28
October 2024 for ANZ Fixed, there is no interest rate discount for loans with a LVR of greater than
80% and the interest rate discount is 0.45% p.a. for loans with a LVR of 80% or less.
6. Index rate current as at Thursday, 19 February 2026 and subject to change. The index rate (or
reference rate) does not include any interest rate discounts that may apply.
7. The rate shown is the Simplicity PLUS Home Loan index less the applicable special offer discount.
Rates are subject to change. Eligibility criteria apply to special offer discounts, including $50,000 or
more in new or additional ANZ lending. Offers can be withdrawn or changed anytime.
8. For ANZ home loans: Other home loan fees including Late Payment Fee, Lock Rate Fee, Early
Repayment Cost (Fixed Rate Loans) and ANZ Equity Manager facility fee still apply. Loan security fees

including Lodgement Fee, Production Fee, Settlement Fee and Search Fee still apply however will
not be charged on establishment of a loan. Government fees and charges (including government
search fees and stamp duty) may still apply.
9. ANZ does not provide personal advice, and the Home Loan comparison tool is only intended to
assist you compare ANZ home loan options. It is provided for illustrative purposes only. Terms and
Conditions, fees, charges, credit approvals and eligibility criteria apply to ANZ Home Loans.
10. Estimated LVR is based on the limited information provided and is for illustrative purposes only.
Estimated LVR is rounded up to one decimal place. For example, an estimated LVR of 80.01% will be
rounded up to 80.1%. The value of the property (as assessed by ANZ) may differ from your estimate.
It does not constitute a quote or an offer for credit. To apply for an ANZ home loan you must
complete an application. All applications for credit are subject to ANZ's credit approval criteria.
11. ANZ Mobile Lending representatives operate as ANZ Mortgage Solutions, an independently
operated franchise of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) ABN 11 005 357 522
Australian credit licence 234527.
About us
Our company
Debt Investor Centre
ANZ Newsroom
Shareholder Centre
Environment, Social and Governance
Careers
Accessibility Statement
Our other sites
Institutional banking
Private banking