Low Rate CreditCardEarn up to $450 cashback to spend how
you want
Earn $75 each month when you spend $500 or more
per month for the first 6 months on a new Low Rate
credit card. Ongoing eligibility, exclusions and o!er
Ts&Cs apply
Got more questions?
~
At a
glance
Personalised
Interest Rates
CommBank Y ello
Cashback O!ers
Rates
& fees
O!er
FAQs
Support Apply now
At a glance
Learn more about our Low interest
credit card What you get
Pay less interest with our Low
Rate credit card. A
personalised interest rate on
purchases o!ered on approval,
from within our range of low
rates, currently, 10.99% p.a.
to 15.99% p.a.
Personalised interest rates will
be reviewed periodically and
may change upon review
Up to 55 days interest free on
purchases
Minimum credit limit $500
Cashback benefits for eligible
cardholders
through CommBank Yello
Trade-o!s
You won’t earn Awards points
Higher monthly fee compared
to the Low Fee credit card 
Higher purchase interest rate
than our CommBank Neo
credit card
International travel insurance
isn't included
International transaction fees
apply
5
5
Credit Cards / Low Rate Credit Card
BankingHomeloansInsuranceInvesting& superBusinessInstitutionalCommBankY ello Logon

Cashback O!ers in the
CommBank app
Monthly fee: $6 per month
Complimentary access to
book flights and hotels for
eligible customers via Travel
Booking (Provided by
Hopper). Search for Travel
Booking accessible via the
CommBank app (search Travel
Booking in the search bar) or
click here
Priceless.com o!ers and
experiences
Complimentary Purchase
Security and Extended
Warranty insurance provided
by Cover-More
With SurePay instalment plans
you can pay o! all or part of
your credit card balance of
$600 or more within a set
time with a Balance/Cash
Advance Plan or take
advantage of a Purchase Plan
(a set-up fee applies) with 0%
interest on purchases made in
the last 14 days.
2
3
4
6

About Personalised Interest Rates on Low Rate creditcards
New customers who apply for a Low Rate credit card from 10 December 2024, will be o!ered a personalised interest
rate on purchases on approval, from within a range of 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a.
More FAQs about Personalised Interest Rates
What is a Personalised
Interest Rate?
A personalised interest rate is the rate
we o!er you from within the range of
rates available on Low Rate credit
cards, currently 10.99% p.a. to
15.99% p.a. The rate you’re o!ered
depends on a number of factors
including your individual credit risk
score and the information we have
about you as an existing customer.
Other considerations may also apply.
What is a credit risk score?
Your individual credit risk score is a
number that reflects our internal
assessment of your credit worthiness,
such as your ability to repay your bills
on time. If you have a high credit risk
score, this means you’re rated as
being more likely to pay back a loan
on time.
Will my personalised interest
rate change? 
The personalised rate will be reviewed
periodically and may change upon
review.  Where your personalised
interest rate changes you will be
notified of the change as agreed in
your Conditions of Use.
5
5
CommBank Y elloCashback O!ers
CommBank is rewarding you when you shop, which
is why we’ve partnered with big brands to give you
cashback when you activate and redeem your
CommBank Yello Cashback O!ers.
Personalised o!ers
We'll send you shopping o!ers based on where
you've shopped before, and similar places we think
you'll like.
Available to eligible Mastercard cardholders in
the CommBank app.
2 ®

Rates & fees
Other fees may apply so check
our standard fees and charges and
read the key facts about our credit
cards.
Type Rates & feesConditions
Additional cardholder
fee
$0
Monthly fee$6 per month
Cash advance interest
rate
21.99% p.a.Cash advances may
be unavailable or
subject to a limit
restriction.
Cash advance fee$4.00 or 3.00% of
the transaction
amount – whichever
is greater1
This is charged for
cash advances
from CommBank
branches or other
Australian financial
institutions, ATMs,
overseas terminals or
financial institutions,
funds transfers using
CommBank networks
and purchases of cash
equivalent items, such
as gambling, lottery
tickets and money
transfers.
Interest free period on
purchases
Up to 55 days
International
transaction fee
3.50% This is charged when
you make a
transaction in a
foreign currency or
make a transaction in
Australian dollars: 
While overseas; or 
In Australia (for
example online) where
the merchant, or the
financial institution or
entity processing the
transaction, is located
overseas
For cash advances,
the cash advance fee
will also apply.
1

Late payment fee$20 The amount charged
if you don't pay the
minimum amount,
plus any overdue
amount, by your
statement due date.
Minimum credit limit$500
Purchase interest rate10.99% p.a. to
15.99%
p.a. (reviewed
periodically and may
change upon review).5
O!er EligibilityAm I eligible for the cashback o!er? 
When does the spend criteria start?
What transactions are excluded from the monthly spend
criteria? 
When will I receive my cashback? 
How can I spend if my card is delayed?

Prepare for take-o!with Travel Booking,provided by Hopper
CommBank Yello customers can receive up to 10%
of the booking amount back in travel credits to use
towards any future purchases in Travel Booking.
Explore travel
#
Switch your existing CommBank Mastercard credit card
When switching, you won't be eligible for o!ers advertised to new customers.Switch to Low Rate
Support
Getting started
Activate your card and create
a PIN
Add an additional cardholder
Understanding your statement
Understanding common credit
card fees
Understanding credit card
interest charges
Managing your card
Set a Spending Cap
Lock, Block, Limit your card
Manage your credit limit
Lost, damaged or stolen
cards
Show me more
Managing your payments
Set up AutoPay
Make the most of
your interest free period
What makes up your credit
card balance

Looking for something else?
Compare credit
cards
Compare our Low Rate,
Low Fee, Interest free and
Awards credit cards.
Credit card comparison tool
Help me choose
Answer up to 4 questions
and we'll show a card that
may suit your needs.
Credit card selector tool
Discover current
o!ers
Compare our latest credit
card o!ers to find the one
to suit your needs.
See all o!ers
Show all credit cards
Compare credit cards, apply
and get a response in 60
seconds.
Show me all cards
Looking for a personal loan?Take me there

How do credit cards
work?
4 credit card mistakes
to avoid
Having a good idea of how
you’ll use your credit card
can help you choose one
that best suits your needs
and o!ers the features and
benefits you want.
Tell me more
Keeping your credit
card secure
Enjoy the convenience of
shopping with a CommBank
credit card or debit card
with the peace of mind that
your card and money are
secure and safe.
Tell me more
We can help
Y our questions
answered
Contact us
 Visit your
nearest branch
Things youshould know
The information on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you
should, before acting on the information, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide.
O!er commenced 11 November 2025 and is only available on new Low Rate credit cards applied for. O!er not available to customers
who currently hold, or have held, any activated Low Rate or Low Fee card types in the 24 months prior as a primary cardholder or
customers who switch from other card types.
$75 cashback will be awarded for every month (statement period) $500 or more is spent on eligible purchases for 6 consecutive
statement periods. Maximum cashback available is $450. The first eligible spend period will commence from the day your account is
opened, up to the end of your second statement period. After this date, the o!er spend requirements will align to each statement period
that follows until exhausted. Transactions must be fully processed and any pending transactions at the end of the statement period will
not count towards the spend criteria. Total spend per statement period is based o! the initial transaction date (not the transaction
posting date). Cash advances and refunds (including CommBank Yello cashback o!ers) are not included as eligible transactions. Refunds
processed in a statement period do not count towards the minimum spend required to remain eligible for this o!er and will increase the
minimum spend required by the amount of the refund, regardless of when the original transaction occurred.
~

Cashback will be credited within 90 days of each eligible statement period where the spend criteria has been met and will appear on your
statement as ‘CASHBACK’. You will be ineligible for the cashback if your account is closed, switched to another card or in default at any
time prior to the cashback being credited to your account.
O!er only available on one credit card per customer. We reserve the right to close or vary this o!er at any time.
 A maximum charge of $300 (or a flat fee of $4.00 applies if your closing balance on previous business day was in credit. For cash
advances made via NetBank transfers, CommBank App transfers, or ATMs, the fee will be $0 if your closing balance was in credit the
previous business day).
 The CommBank Yello Cashback O!ers program (‘CommBank Yello Cashback O!ers’) rewards you with cashback after you activate
(where required) an o!er presented to you via the CommBank app and you make a purchase in accordance with the Terms and
Conditions of that o!er. Cashback is typically received within 14 business days of a qualifying purchase, but in some cases may take
longer. If you are not already enrolled, you can enrol if you are at least 18 years old, hold an eligible CommBank credit Mastercard or debit
Mastercard, Business credit Mastercard or StepPay digital card, and meet the ‘Base eligibility criteria’ in the ‘CommBank Yello Terms and
Conditions’ (latest version available on our website at commbank.com.au) (‘CommBank Yello’).
 Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this
portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are o!ered through this portal. The services o!ered are subject to the Travel Booking
terms and conditions. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it o!ers. CommBank Awards
customers can choose to use all or part or all of their Awards points for payment of their booking.
CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform.
Applications are subject to credit approval. Full Conditions of Use will be included in our Letter of O!er. Fees and charges are payable. 
Mastercard, Priceless and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Insurances are issued by Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd (AFSL 241713, ABN 95
003 114 145) on behalf of the insurer Zurich Australian Insurance Limited (AFSL 232507, ABN 13 000 296 640). Cover-More
administers the products and arranges the issue of the insurance to Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA)(AFSL 234945, ABN 48 123
123 124) who then provides the insurance to the cardholder in line with the agreement. Limits, sub-limits, conditions and exclusions
apply. Please read the Credit Card Insurances Information Booklet for more information.
From 10 December 2024, interest rates o!ered on approval vary from 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a. The rate o!ered to you (your
personalised interest rate) within this range depends on di!erent factors, including your individual credit risk score.
Once your credit contract is entered into, your personalised interest rate will be reviewed periodically and may change upon review. We
may also vary the range of rates available for new Low Rate credit cards at any time. We’ll notify you as outlined in the conditions of use if
your personalised interest rate changes.  
All customers with an existing CommBank Low Rate credit card, and customers who switch from an existing CommBank credit card to a
Low Rate credit card will be o!ered or will retain an interest rate of 13.99% p.a. This rate may be varied at any time during the term of
the credit contract.
Please refer to the Low Rate credit card FAQs for more information.
 You won't be able to apply for an instalment plan if you don't meet our criteria (e.g. if you have exceeded your limit or you are in default).
Instalment plans are not available on CommBank Neo, Interest-free Low Fee card, non-Awards Business Cards, corporate cards or
balance transfers. The terms of the CommBank Credit Card Conditions of Use relating to instalment plans (section 5) applies for all cards
except for the Interest-free Low Fee card, which is covered by the Interest-free Low Fee terms and Conditions.
While you have an instalment plan, payments to your credit card will be applied in the following order:
Current monthly instalments, starting with interest and instalment setup fee, if applicable
Your non-instalment-plan balances
Your remaining instalment balances
This means that your current monthly instalment payments are always paid first, even if you have other balances with higher interest rates
(such as cash advances or purchases not in a plan). If you have multiple plans, payments will be applied to the plans in order of highest to
lowest interest rate, or if all plan interest rates are the same, from oldest to newest.
1
2
3
4 
5 
6

Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply once the purchase is put on a plan.
You can cancel your instalment plan at any time. When a cancellation is processed, the outstanding instalment balance will be transferred
to your purchases balance (or cash advance balance for cancelled cash advance plans) and accrue interest from the transfer date at your
account’s standard purchase (or cash advance) rate, which may have changed from when you first set up your SurePay plan.
If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and you’ll
be charged interest at your accounts standard purchase (or cash advance) rate, which may have changed from when you first set up your
SurePay plan. If you cancel a plan this will also apply to any outstanding balance.
If you miss three consecutive payments we’ll automatically cancel your SurePay plan. You won’t be charged a fee if your plan is cancelled –
however any outstanding balance will be transferred back to your purchase (or cash advance) rate and added to the total owing on your
latest statement on the cancellation date. From the transfer date, you’ll be charged interest at your accounts standard purchase (or cash
advance) rate. Please refer to your most recent statement to confirm your card's current interest rate as this may have changed since you
first set up your SurePay plan.
SurePay Purchase Plan terms and conditions
To pay o! a one-o! purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate for a fee of 2% for 3 month plans,
3% for 6 month plans and 5% for 12 month plans.
Minimum transaction amount per term: $100 for 3 months, $150 for 6 months and $300 for 12 months.
Your monthly plan repayment is calculated by dividing the total plan amount (including the set-up fee), by the number of months in the
plan term. The set-up fee is included as part of your first Monthly Instalment Payment, and when you make your first repayment, the
repayment will be used first towards paying o! the set-up fee, then towards the purchase amount. The fee is non-refundable if you
cancel or pay o! your plan early.
The 0% p.a. interest rate is only available for ‘Card purchase plans’ and not ‘Card balance plans’ or ‘Cash advance balance plans’.

Travel booking, provided by Hopper
CommBank Yello Plus customers receive 5% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel booking amount you pay for excluding any
Awards points or travel credits redeemed. 
CommBank Yello Gold customers receive 5% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel or flight booking amount you pay for
excluding any Awards points or travel credits redeemed. 
CommBank Yello Diamond customers receive 10% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel or flight booking amount you pay for
excluding any Awards points or travel credits redeemed. You’ll also receive a $100 first time use travel credit which will be automatically
applied to your Travel Booking wallet on your first visit to the Travel Booking website after entering Diamond status. This is limited to one
per customer, regardless of movement between tiers.
For more information about the CommBank Yello program, visit commbank.com.au/commbankyello
Travel credits will be applied to your Travel Booking Wallet within 5 - 7 business days of your booking, but in some cases may take longer,
and have a 2-year expiry from the booking transaction date. If you cancel or the supplier cancels the flight or hotel booking for any reason,
the amount back in travel credits will be forfeited. Travel credits are not transferable or exchangeable for cash. Expiry dates can be viewed
in your Wallet & O!ers page of the Travel Booking website.
When redeeming travel credits, the entire value of your travel credit wallet will be applied to pay for all or a portion of the booking amount
in a single transaction. If the booking amount is less than the total value of your travel credits, the remaining balance will remain in your
wallet for future use.
In the event that you no longer hold an active eligible CommBank card, you will forfeit all your travel credits.
All travel products and o!ers from Travel Booking are subject to availability and can only be booked by eligible CommBank cardholders.
Eligible cards comprise of active CommBank retail or business credit and debit cards, StepPay card or Travel Money Cards.
Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this
portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are o!ered through this portal. The services o!ered are subject to the Travel Booking
terms and conditions. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it o!ers. CommBank Awards
customers can choose to use all or part or all of their Awards points for payment of their booking.
CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform.
For full terms and conditions on the features provided by Hopper, visit travelbooking.hopper.com/terms
Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit license 234945
# 

QUICK LINKS
Security & scams
Help & support
Financial assistance
Complaints &
compliments
Accessibility
ABOUT US
About CommBank
Careers at CommBank
Sustainability
Newsroom
Investor centre
IMPORTANT
INFORMATION
Important documents
Banking Code of Practice
Cookies policy
Privacy statement
Modern Slavery
Statement

CommBank acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and
Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.
 
©2026 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945