Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Terms and Conditions 
Effective 18 June 2025

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 2 
Contents 
Travel Tips ............................................................................ 3 
Insurance Terms and Conditions .................................... 4 
Terms and Conditions ............................................................................ 4 
Eligibility for cover under this Policy ................................................ 5 
Cover Sections, Benefits and Benefit Limits .................................. 5 
Exclusions within this Policy ................................................................ 5 
Automatic End Date Extension .......................................................... 6 
Important Things To Know About This Policy ............. 7 
Age Limits ................................................................................................... 7 
Excess ........................................................................................................... 7 
Pre-Existing Medical Conditions ......................................................... 9 
Aggregate Limit of Liability – Section C – Accidental Death 
Cover and Section D – Public Transport Accident Cover only 9 
COVID-19 .................................................................................................... 9 
Pregnancy ................................................................................................... 9 
Excluded Sports and Activities ........................................................ 10 
Travelling Against Medical or Government Advice .................. 10 
Return Trips Only .................................................................................. 10 
Fraud .......................................................................................................... 10 
Goods and Services Tax ...................................................................... 10 
Australian Law ....................................................................................... 10 
Australian Currency ............................................................................. 10 
Termination ............................................................................................. 10 
About Chubb Insurance Australia Limited ................. 11 
General Enquiries ............................................................. 11 
Chubb Assistance (In the event of an Emergency) ... 11 
Eligibility for Insurance Table ........................................ 12 
Definitions ......................................................................... 15 
Coverage Summary ......................................................... 20 
Schedule of Benefits ........................................................ 25 
Section A – Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses 
Cover ................................................................................... 29 
Section B – Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover
 .............................................................................................. 32 
Section C – Accidental Death Cover ............................ 35 
Section D – Public Transport Accident Cover ............ 36 
Section E – Loss of Income Cover ................................. 37 
Section F – Resumption of Long Overseas Trip Cover
 .............................................................................................. 38 
Section G – Trip Delay Cover ......................................... 40 
Section H – Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and 
Travel Documents Cover ................................................ 42 
Section I – Hijack Cover .................................................. 45 
Section J – Personal Liability Cover ............................. 46 
Section K – Rental Vehicle Excess Cover ................... 48 
Section L – Card Purchase Cover ................................. 50 
Section M – Buyer’s Advantage Cover ........................ 52 
General Exclusions Applicable to All Sections .......... 54 
How do I make a claim? ................................................. 56 
Privacy Statement .......................................................... 58 
Why We collect Your Personal Information ............................... 58 
How We obtain Your Personal Information ................................ 58 
When do We disclose Your Personal Information? ................. 58 
Your decision to provide Your Personal Information.............. 58 
Access to and correction of Your Personal Information ....... 59 
Further information request ............................................................ 59 
How to make a complaint ................................................................. 59 
Complaints and Dispute Resolution Process ............ 60 
Complaints and Customer Resolution Service .......................... 60 
External Dispute Resolution ............................................................. 60 
General Insurance Code of Practice ............................ 61 
Sanctions ........................................................................... 61

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 3 
Travel Tips 
Confirm whether You meet the eligibility 
requirements for cover before going on a Trip. 
 Pack a sufficient supply of Your regular medications in 
Your carry-on luggage. This way, if Your luggage is lost 
or delayed You won’t have any concern over taking 
Your medication as required. 
 
Check the travel advice issued by Department of 
Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) for Your travel 
destination and the countries You plan to visit on 
Your Trip. 
 Find out the emergency services contact numbers for 
the destination(s) and any other countries You are 
travelling to. Record the numbers for police, ambulance, 
Your travel insurance provider and the nearest 
Australian Embassy. 
 
Visit Your Doctor and Dentist for a general check-up before You leave Home. Ask about any vaccinations relevant 
to Your destination and any other countries You intend to visit during Your Trip. Ensure Your regular vaccinations, 
such as the flu shot and tetanus shot, are up to date. Get Your Doctor to print a list of all 
Your current medications, their generic names, dosages and frequency taken. Print a spare copy and keep it 
separate from Your main luggage. 
 
These travel tips are intended as general information only and do not constitute advice of any kind, nor do they take 
into consideration Your personal circumstances. Chubb does not accept any liability arising from any reliance upon 
these travel tips.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 4 
Insurance Terms and Conditions 
This Policy is effective from 18 June 2025 
Policy Number: 01PN529928 
Terms and Conditions 
This Policy sets out important information about the 
insurance benefits available to eligible Card Members 
and Additional Card Members. The Policy explains the 
nature of the arrangements and their relevant 
benefits and risks. If You feel that this product does 
not meet Your specific needs and intended coverage, 
this Policy may not be right for You. You may need to 
buy separate or additional insurance if You do not 
satisfy the eligibility requirements or if this Policy 
does not cover You or the things You need cover for. 
This document provides general advice only. It does 
not take into account Your individual objectives, 
financial situation or needs. You need to decide if the 
limits, type and level of cover are appropriate for You. 
There is no obligation to accept any of the benefits of 
this cover. However, if You wish to make a claim 
under the cover provided within this Policy, You will 
be bound by the definitions, terms and conditions, 
exclusions and claims procedures set out in this 
document. 
These terms and conditions have been prepared by 
and are the responsibility of Chubb. 
Group Policy with Chubb 
Macquarie Bank Limited ABN: 46 008 583 542, 
AFSL No. 237502 (Macquarie Bank) is the insured 
under a Group Policy issued and underwritten by 
Chubb Insurance Australia Limited (ABN 23 001 642 
020, AFSL No. 239687). 
Under the Group Policy entered into between 
Macquarie Bank and Chubb You get automatic access, 
where You have met the eligibility requirements set 
out in the Eligibility for Insurance Table, to the 
benefits detailed in this Policy provided by Chubb as 
the insurer. You are not charged by Chubb for these 
benefits and can access the relevant benefits if You 
are a Card Member. Macquarie has no responsibility 
or liability to You in relation to any insurance claim. 
Section 48 of the Insurance Contracts Act 
Access to this insurance is provided to You solely by 
reason of the statutory operation of section 48 of the 
Insurance Contracts Act 1984 (Cth). You are not a 
contracting insured (i.e. You cannot vary or cancel the 
cover – only Macquarie Bank can do this) and You do 
not enter into any agreement with Us. Macquarie 
Bank is not the insurer, does not guarantee or hold 
this right on trust for You and does not act as Chubb’s 
agent (that is, on behalf of Chubb). Neither Macquarie 
Bank nor any of its related corporations are 
Authorised Representatives (under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth)) of Chubb or any of its related 
companies. 
No Advice 
Macquarie Bank is not authorised to provide any 
advice, recommendations or opinions about this 
insurance on behalf of Chubb. No advice is provided 
by Chubb on whether this insurance is appropriate for 
Your needs, financial situation or objectives. You 
should read this Policy carefully and contact Chubb if 
assistance is required. 
Updating this Policy 
This Policy may be changed by Chubb and Macquarie 
without Your consent from time to time. A copy of 
any updated information is available to You at no cost 
by visiting Macquarie Bank Platinum Credit Card 
Insurance. Macquarie Bank will advise You when there 
is an update to this Policy as advised by Chubb. 
Other Insurance 
The insurance cover described in this Policy is 
provided for Your benefit under the Group Policy 
entered into between Chubb and Macquarie Bank. If 
You are entitled to receive a benefit or make a claim 
under another insurance policy (for example a home 
and contents policy, an alternative mobile phone 
policy or individual travel insurance) in respect to the 
same loss as Your claim under this Policy, then to the 
extent permitted by law Chubb is not liable to provide 
indemnity under this Policy until the amount of any 
indemnity under the other policy is exhausted. 
Therefore, any insurance cover under this Policy in 
respect of the same loss shall only be excess 
insurance cover over and above the applicable policy. 
Important information about this Policy 
As a Card Member or Additional Card Member, You 
are entitled to insurance coverage and services under 
this Policy when You hold the following Macquarie 
Bank Card Account and meet all the eligibility criteria 
(see the Eligibility for Insurance Table): 
a. Macquarie Bank Platinum Credit Card. 
This Policy offers two (2) main types of benefits and 
services. These include: 
1. Travel insurance benefits; and 
2. Retail item cover.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 5 
For travel insurance, the product and service has been 
designed to cover eligible* Card Members: 
• that have an in-force Macquarie Bank Card 
Account (meaning it is not cancelled, suspended or 
terminated); 
• that do not need cover for a Pre-Existing Medical 
Condition; 
• who are eighty-five (85) years of age or younger at 
the time You make Your Relevant Travel Purchase 
and who need cover for Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover; 
• who are not travelling more than: 
− Fourteen (14) consecutive days for a Domestic 
Return Trip; 
− Ninety (90) consecutive days for an Overseas 
Return Trip; 
• who are a Resident of Australia; 
• who start and end their Trip in Australia. 
*Please refer to the Eligibility for Insurance Table for a 
list of eligibility criteria. 
Please familiarise Yourself with this Policy. We want 
to ensure You are clear about what it covers and what 
it does not cover or excludes. If You are unclear about 
anything in this document, please call 1300 791 804 
and Chubb’s insurance team will be happy to assist 
You with any enquiries. 
It’s important to check this Policy from time to time, 
particularly before You go away to remind yourself of 
what is and isn’t covered. Some things You might 
consider doing whilst travelling might be not covered 
(for example, jet skiing, bungee jumping or hiring a 
scooter if You don’t have a motorcycle license). You 
also need to make sure You take care with Your 
belongings, make sure You keep valuable possessions 
on You and never leave Your luggage Unattended. 
This insurance isn’t designed to cover carelessness or 
high-risk activities, so be a sensible and prudent 
traveller. 
If You need to make a claim, keep supporting 
documents and proof of any loss, including all police 
reports, sales receipts and charge card statements 
showing any purchases made. 
A copy of any updated information is available to You 
at no cost by visiting Macquarie Bank Platinum Credit 
Card Insurance. 
This Policy replaces and supersedes any Policy 
previously issued prior to the effective date. 
Eligibility for cover under this Policy 
This Policy is available to Card Members for the 
above- mentioned Card who meet the eligibility 
criteria. In order to meet the eligibility criteria, among 
other things, You need to use Your Macquarie Bank 
Card Account in accordance with the Eligibility for 
Insurance Table below. Not all cover sections have the 
same eligibility criteria, so it is important You 
understand when the benefits under this Policy 
become available to You. 
IMPORTANT: You will only have access to the 
insurance benefits under this Policy if You satisfy the 
eligibility criteria as set out within this Policy. 
See the Eligibility for Insurance Table for details of 
when You are eligible for cover. 
Cover Sections, Benefits and Benefit 
Limits 
The cover We offer will be dependent on Your Trip 
(overseas or domestic). The cover sections, benefits 
and benefits limits will vary based on Your Trip. 
Not all benefits listed within each cover section are 
available for a Trip. Please refer to the Schedule of 
Benefits within this Policy to confirm the cover and 
limits offered for Your Trip. 
The Schedule of Benefits provides the limit(s) We will 
pay to, under each of the cover sections for a Trip. It 
includes maximum amounts payable under each 
section together with any applicable sub-limit(s), 
waiting period(s) and the Excess(es) that applies. 
IMPORTANT: any examples in this Policy are provided 
for illustrative purposes only and do not take into 
account all Policy terms and conditions. All claims will 
be assessed individually, based on the facts relative to 
the specific claim, in accordance with this Policy. 
Exclusions within this Policy 
As with all insurance, there are certain exclusions that 
apply. Some exclusions only apply to certain benefits 
under the Policy, while other exclusions apply to all 
claims. You should read the following: 
• General Exclusions which apply to all claims. 
• Each cover section, as it includes information 
about what We cover and any terms and 
conditions and exclusions that apply to the cover 
section. 
To ensure You understand when We will pay for a 
claim, You should read each section carefully, 
including each benefit covered under ‘What We Cover’ 
together with any ‘Terms and Conditions’ and 
‘Exclusions’ applicable under each cover section, as 
well as the General Exclusions.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 6 
Automatic End Date Extension 
In the event that You are prevented from completing 
the return leg of a Trip as a result of an unavoidable 
delay from Your Public Transport, We will 
automatically provide an extension of cover for up to 
three (3) days for You to return to Australia. 
In the event You are hospitalised as a result of an 
Injury or Illness covered under this Policy, during Your 
Overseas Return Trip, the following cover sections; 
• (A) Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses Cover; 
• (H) Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and Travel 
Documents Cover; 
• (I) Hijack Cover; 
• (J) Personal Liability Cover; 
will automatically extend beyond the return date until 
one of the following first occurs: 
a. twelve (12) months have elapsed from the date of 
the Injury or Illness; or 
b. You return to Australia; or 
c. You are declared fit to travel to return to Australia 
by a treating Doctor or by Chubb’s Assistance’s 
medical officer, but You choose to remain 
overseas.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 7 
Important Things To Know About 
This Policy 
Age Limits 
Please note that to be eligible for some of the benefits under this Policy, You must fall within the relevant age limits. 
Please see the table below for a summary of the age limits that apply within this Policy. 
Cover Section Age Limit 
Age Limit for Covered Person 
Travel Insurance Cover 
Section A – Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses 
Cover 
You must be eighty-five (85) years of age or younger at 
the time You make Your Relevant Travel Purchase. 
Travel Insurance Cover 
(Section B - J) 
No age limitations apply for these cover sections. 
Rental Vehicle Excess Cover (Section K) No age limitations apply for these cover sections. 
Card Purchase Cover (Section L) 
Buyer’s Advantage Cover (Section M) 
No age limitations apply for these cover sections. 
Excess 
Where applicable, an Excess is applied for each Covered Person, for each Event. 
If a claim is covered and an Excess applies, the Excess is first deducted from the claim amount before any limits are 
applied to the claim amount. A claim will not be payable where the Excess amount is the same as, or more than, Your 
claim amount. 
The Excess amount is specified in the Schedule of Benefits. 
For Section E – Loss of Income Cover, the Excess is a waiting period, which is the amount of time You have to wait 
until the benefit may become payable.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 8 
Example 
The below examples are provided for illustrative purposes only. Each claim will be assessed individually, based 
on the facts relative to the specific claim 
Example A – Excess Applied: Example B – Excess and 
depreciation applied: 
Example C – Excess applied to more 
than one Event: 
Anna books accommodation to the 
Sunshiny caravan park. Her Trip with 
the family is in summer, which is 3 
months away. A week before the 
start of the family Trip, her son has 
an accident at school and breaks his 
leg. Unfortunately, he needs surgery 
and the Doctor confirms its best to 
be at home for the recovery. Anna 
paid $1,200 for the accommodation. 
The Excess is $250. 
a. Deduct the Excess of $250 
b. Check the total cover limits and 
sub limits in Schedule of Benefits. 
The amount claimable is below 
these limits 
Calculation for the amount payable: 
(-Excess) + accommodation = 
amount payable 
(-$250) + $1,200 = $950 
Jane travels to Brazil and while in 
Brazil her laptop is stolen. She 
reports the theft to the police and 
provides Us with the required 
documentation. Jane paid $6,000 for 
her laptop 12 months prior to this 
Event. Jane’s Excess is $250. 
a. Deduct the Excess of $250 
b. Establish original purchase price 
of the laptop: $6,000 
c. Apply depreciation*: 
• 2.5% per month for 12 
months = 30% depreciation. 
• 30% of $6,000 = $1,800 total 
depreciation. 
d. Establish current value of the 
laptop by subtracting 
depreciation from the purchase 
price of the laptop 
• $6,000 - $1,800 = $4,200 
e. Check the total and per item limit 
shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits and select the lower of 
current value of the laptop or the 
item limit. If the per item limit is 
$2,500 which is lower than the 
current value $4,200, hence We 
take the lower number = $2,500 
The $250 Policy Excess is not 
deducted from the $2,500 per item 
limit in this instance since Jane’s loss 
is higher than the per item limit 
payable plus Excess. $2,500 claim 
payment. 
Rob and his wife travelled to France 
for 14 days. On the 4th day of their 
trip, Rob slips down the stairs at the 
hotel. Thankfully it’s not a major 
injury, but he did twist his ankle and 
needs to seek medical attention. 
He was billed $500 for the doctor’s 
appointment including some scans 
and medication. On the 8th day, 
Rob had his laptop stolen which was 
worth $1,000 when it was purchased 
6 months ago. When they return to 
Australia, Rob submitted a claim for 
the 2 Events. 
As Rob and his wife had 2 Events 
during their trip to France, an excess 
would be applied to each of the 
Events (and Covered Persons). 
Claim 1: (-$250) excess + $500 
Medical costs = $250 claim payment 
Claim 2: 
a. Deduct the Excess of $250 
b. Establish original purchase price 
of the laptop: $1,000 
c. Apply depreciation*: 
• 2.5% per month for 6 months 
= 15% depreciation. 
• 15% of $1,000 = $150 
total depreciation. 
d. Establish current value of the 
laptop by subtracting 
depreciation from the purchase 
price of the laptop 
• $1,000 - $150 = $850 
Calculation for the amount payable: 
(-Excess) + current value = amount 
payable 
(-$250) + $850 = $600 
claim payment. 
*For depreciation details, please review Section H - Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and Travel Documents Cover

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 9 
Pre-Existing Medical Conditions 
This Policy does not cover any Pre-Existing Medical 
Conditions under Sections A – K below. If You have Pre- 
Existing Medical Conditions, this cover may not be right 
for You. Before You make Your Relevant Travel 
Purchase, You should consider whether a medical 
condition is considered Pre-Existing based on the PreExisting Medical Condition definition within this Policy 
and whether this Policy provides the right cover for You 
and Your health situation. 
Aggregate Limit of Liability – Section C – 
Accidental Death Cover and Section D – 
Public Transport Accident Cover only 
Our total liability for all claims arising under the Policy in 
respect of any one (1) Injury or series of Injuries arising 
out of any one (1) Event during the Period of Insurance is 
limited to $1,000,000 (the Aggregate Limit of Liability). 
If the Aggregate Limit of Liability is reached, then the 
claims payment will be allocated amongst all Covered 
Persons on a proportional basis. 
COVID-19 
What is covered? 
This Policy treats COVID-19 in the same way as any 
other Illness. This means where there is coverage for 
Illness related Events under the following sections, it 
applies to COVID-19: 
1. Section A – Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses 
Cover; 
2. Section B – Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover; 
and 
3. Section F – Resumption of Long Overseas Trip Cover. 
What is not covered? 
We will not pay for any benefit, loss or costs arising from 
or relating to: 
1. border closures or government issued “Do Not 
Travel” warnings arising from COVID-19 (including 
where the border closure or travel warning occurs 
after You made Your Relevant Travel Purchase); 
2. mandatory quarantine, except when You have a valid 
Trip Change or Curtailment claim under specified 
Event 1 of Section B – Trip Cancellation and 
Amendment Cover and incur reasonable additional 
travel or accommodation expenses resulting from 
the quarantine. 
Pregnancy 
It’s important to understand how pregnancy affects 
Your cover under this Policy. Whilst Your retail item 
benefits are unaffected, some of Your travel insurance 
benefits are limited as summarised below. 
When does the travel insurance cover You, if You 
are pregnant? 
If You are pregnant, You will be covered for unforeseen 
emergency medical Treatment whilst overseas up to 8 
weeks before Your estimated date of delivery. However, 
You will not be covered for costs associated with the 
actual birth of Your child overseas or any pregnancy 
related medical conditions that You are already suffering 
from before Your Relevant Travel Purchase is made. For 
more information see – When are You not covered? 
(below). 
Two key sections of this Policy that You should be aware 
of are: 
1. Section A – Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses 
Cover: 
You are covered for Events arising from or related to 
Your pregnancy when You are on an Overseas Return 
Trip, if You have a pregnancy related Medical Emergency 
resulting from an Injury or Illness, which: 
a. occurs more than eight (8) weeks before Your 
estimated date of delivery; and 
b. is not otherwise excluded within this Policy. 
2. Section B – Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover: 
You are covered if You have an Injury or unforeseen 
Illness arising from or related to Your pregnancy that 
prevents You from going on the Trip or continuing the 
Trip, and which: 
a. is confirmed by medical evidence provided by a 
treating Doctor; and 
b. occurs more than eight (8) weeks before Your 
estimated date of delivery; and 
c. is not otherwise excluded within this Policy. 
When are You not covered if You are pregnant? 
You are not covered for any costs arising from or related 
to: 
a. any Pre-Existing Medical Condition; 
b. any past medical condition(s) relating to a previous 
pregnancy or if You have experienced pregnancy 
complications prior to You making Your Relevant 
Travel Purchase; 
c. Your pregnancy under Section A – Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover or Section B - Trip 
Cancellation and Amendment Cover within 8 weeks of 
Your estimated date of delivery; 
d. any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from childbirth or 
the health of a newborn child. This exclusion applies 
irrespective of the stage of pregnancy at which the 
child is born. Meaning a newborn (whether premature 
or otherwise) is not considered a Covered Person 
under the Policy if the child was born on the Trip;

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 10 
e. any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from or relating to 
an abortion, unless this is to save the life of the 
mother following an Injury or Illness; 
f. any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from fertility 
Treatment or Treatment associated with an assisted 
reproduction program including but not limited to, in 
vitro fertilisation (IVF). 
Excluded Sports and Activities 
Not everything You do on your Trip will be covered by 
this Policy. This includes: 
• some popular holiday activities such as bungee 
jumping, jet skiing, horse riding or trekking (with 
climbing equipment or when You ascend more than 
3,000 metres from sea level). 
• a sporting event where You may be eligible to receive 
a fee, including prize money. 
Please see the definition of ‘Excluded Sports and 
Activities’ for a full list of activities and sports which are 
not covered under this Policy. 
Travelling Against Medical or 
Government Advice 
If You are advised not to travel or not to go on a 
particular Trip (for example, to a specific destination), 
You must comply with that advice. You will not be 
covered under Sections A – K of this Policy if You start a 
Trip against the following advice: 
a. a treating Doctor advises You not to travel; or 
b. an Australian State or Territory or the Australian 
Federal Government or an Australian government 
agency (such as DFAT) advises You not to travel (for 
example, through border closures or ‘Do Not Travel’ 
travel advisories). This exclusion applies even if You 
have been granted a travel exemption by an 
Australian State or Territory, the Australian Federal 
Government or an Australian government agency 
(such as DFAT) to travel. 
Return Trips Only 
You are only eligible for cover under sections A - K of 
this Policy for return Trips i.e. trips that begin and end 
from Your Home or Work in Australia. It does not cover 
One-Way Trips where You have no plans to return to 
Australia. If you have not made Your Relevant Travel 
Purchase prior to your Trip departure date, you are not 
eligible for cover under this Policy. Please refer to the 
Eligibility for Insurance Table for more information. 
You may need to provide evidence of Your intention to 
return to Your Home or Your Work where reasonably 
possible, for example by providing copies of a return 
ticket, itinerary or schedule, return transfer or 
accommodation bookings, confirmation of return to 
Work dates etc. Remember, cover automatically ends for 
all Trips at 90 days for Overseas Return Trips and 14 days 
for Domestic Return Trips. 
Fraud 
Chubb considers it important for customers to take 
insurance fraud seriously. Creation or submission of false 
documents, or exaggerating a genuine claim is considered 
insurance fraud. Such behaviour has a negative impact on 
the cost of insurance for all customers. 
We utilise Our dedicated special investigations unit at 
Chubb to detect and investigate selected claims daily. 
When the evidence supports it, Chubb will report suspect 
claims to the police and dedicate resources to assisting 
any potential criminal prosecutions. 
Goods and Services Tax 
If We agree to pay a claim under Your Policy, We will base 
any claim payment on the Goods and Services Tax (G.S.T.) 
inclusive costs (up to the relevant Policy limit). 
Australian Law 
This Policy is governed by the laws of the State or 
Territory of Australia where Your Home is. Any dispute or 
action in connection with this Policy shall be conducted 
and determined in the courts of the State or Territory of 
Australia where Your Home is. 
Australian Currency 
All payments by You to Us and Us to You under this 
Policy must be in Australian currency. 
Termination 
Cover is terminated at the earlier of the following: 
• cancellation of Your Macquarie Bank Card Account; or 
• termination of the Group Policy. 
Upon termination of the Group Policy, the insurance 
benefits will no longer be available to Card Members and 
Additional Card Members to claim for any Event that 
occurred after the termination date, even if Card 
Members or Additional Card Members satisfied the 
eligibility criteria for cover before the termination date of 
the Group Policy. 
Macquarie will notify You if the Group Policy is 
terminated.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 11 
About Chubb Insurance Australia 
Limited 
Chubb Insurance Australia Limited (ABN 23 001 642 020, Australian Financial Service (AFS) Licence No. 239687) 
(Chubb) is the insurer and issuer of this product. In this PDS, “We”, “Us”, “Our” means Chubb. 
Chubb is an Australian financial services licensee (Licensee) authorised to deal in and provide advice in relation to 
general insurance products. Our contact details are: 
ABN: 23 001 642 020 
AFS Licence Number: 239687 
Head Office: Grosvenor Place, Level 38, 225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 Postal address: GPO Box 4907, Sydney 
NSW 2001 
O 1300 791 804 
F +61 2 9335 3467 
E CustomerService.AUNZ@chubb.com 
General Enquiries 
If You have any questions about this Policy, You can either: 
Email Chubb at CustomerService.AUNZ@chubb.com 
Write to Chubb at GPO Box 4907, Sydney NSW 2001 
Call Chubb on 1300 791 804 (Monday to Friday 
8:30am – 5pm AEST/AEDT) 
Chubb Assistance (In the event of an 
Emergency) 
Emergency assistance around the world 
In the event of a medical or similar emergency whilst overseas call +61 2 8907 5666 to get prompt help in locating 
medical assistance in Your local area. 
For all non-emergency matters, contact Chubb Customer Service on 1300 791 804 between 8:30am – 5pm 
AEST/AEDT on business days. 
Where Your claim is excluded or falls outside the Policy coverage, the provision of emergency assistance by Chubb 
Assistance will not in itself be an admission of liability. 
Considerable effort is made to locate, assess and reassess medical facilities and other services worldwide. However, 
the medical standards, sanitary conditions, reliability of telephone systems and facilities for medical services differ 
from country to country and accordingly, it is not always possible to have control over these factors. In the 
circumstances, responsibility for any loss, medical complication or death resulting from any factor beyond Our 
control, cannot be accepted by Chubb Assistance or Us.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 12 
Eligibility for Insurance Table 
Cover Section 
Eligibility Criteria 
To be eligible for the benefits under the cover 
section(s) of the Policy, the following eligibility 
criteria needs to be met: 
When are the 
benefits available 
under this Policy? 
When are no benefits 
available under this Policy? 
Travel 
Insurance 
Cover 
- Section A – 
Overseas 
Medical 
Emergency 
Expenses 
Cover 
1. You are a Covered Person. 
2. You are a Resident of Australia. 
3. You are going on an Overseas Return Trip 
and prior to the Trip departure date You 
pay the full amount of Your outbound 
ticket for Your Scheduled Flight or 
Scheduled Cruise leaving Australia using: 
i. the Card Member’s Macquarie Bank Card 
Account; and/or 
ii. the Card Member’s corresponding 
Macquarie Rewards points and/or any 
gift card purchased using Macquarie 
Rewards points. 
4. The Macquarie Bank Card Account is in 
force (meaning it is not cancelled, 
suspended or terminated) when You meet 
condition 3. 
5. You are eighty-five (85) years of age or 
younger when You first become eligible for 
this cover by meeting conditions 1 to 4 
above. 
IMPORTANT: If You are aged eighty-six 
(86) years or older at the date You make a 
Relevant Travel Purchase, no Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover will be available 
to You. 
If You have 
satisfied the 
eligibility criteria, 
You will have 
access to cover for 
the Overseas 
Return Trip that 
eligibility condition 
3 applies to, 
subject to the 
Policy’s full terms 
and conditions. 
There is no cover under this 
Policy if: 
1. You do not meet the 
eligibility criteria; 
2. You are going on a One- 
Way Trip; 
3. The Macquarie Bank 
Card Account has been 
cancelled, suspended or 
terminated; 
4. The Group Policy is 
terminated. 
Please also refer to the 
Terms, Conditions and 
Exclusions within each 
cover section and the 
General Exclusions within 
this Policy.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 13 
Cover Section 
Eligibility Criteria 
To be eligible for the benefits under the cover 
section(s) of the Policy, the following 
eligibility criteria needs to be met: 
When are the 
benefits available 
under this Policy? 
When are no benefits 
available under 
this Policy? 
Travel 
Insurance 
Cover 
(Sections B 
to J) 
1. You are a Covered Person. 
2. You are a Resident of Australia. 
3. You are either: 
i. going on a Domestic Return Trip, and 
prior to the Trip departure date You: 
A. spend $500 or more on 
accommodation; or 
B. pay the full amount of Your 
outbound ticket for Your Scheduled 
Flight or Scheduled Cruise to Your 
scheduled outbound destination; 
using: 
A. the Card Member’s Macquarie Bank 
Card Account; and/or 
B. the Card Member’s corresponding 
Macquarie Rewards points and/ or 
any gift card purchased using 
Macquarie Rewards points. 
ii. going on an Overseas Return Trip and 
prior to the Trip departure date You pay 
the full amount of Your outbound ticket 
for Your Scheduled Flight or Scheduled 
Cruise leaving Australia using: 
A. the Card Member’s Macquarie Bank 
Card Account; and/or 
B. the Card Member’s corresponding 
Macquarie Rewards points and/ or 
any gift card purchased using 
Macquarie Rewards points. 
4. The Macquarie Bank Card Account is in 
force (meaning it is not cancelled, 
suspended or terminated) when You meet 
condition 3. 
If You have 
satisfied the 
eligibility criteria, 
You will have 
access to cover for 
the Domestic 
Return Trip or 
Overseas Return 
Trip that eligibility 
condition 3 applies 
to, subject to the 
Policy’s full terms 
and conditions. 
There is no cover under this 
Policy if: 
1. You do not meet the 
eligibility criteria; 
2. You are going on a One- 
Way Trip; 
3. The Macquarie Bank 
Card Account has been 
cancelled, suspended or 
terminated; 
4. The Group Policy is 
terminated. 
Please also refer to the 
Terms, Conditions and 
Exclusions within each 
cover section and the 
General Exclusions within 
this Policy.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 14 
Cover Section 
Eligibility Criteria 
To be eligible for the benefits under the cover 
section(s) of the Policy, the following 
eligibility criteria needs to be met: 
When are the 
benefits available 
under this Policy? 
When are no benefits 
available under this Policy? 
Rental 
Vehicle 
Excess Cover 
(Section K) 
1. You are a Covered Person. 
2. You are a Resident of Australia. 
3. You pay the entire cost for renting a Rental 
Vehicle including the insurance for loss or 
damage to the Rental Vehicle using: 
i. the Card Member’s Macquarie Bank 
Card Account. 
4. The Macquarie Bank Card Account is in 
force (meaning it is not cancelled, 
suspended or terminated) when You meet 
condition 3. 
If You have 
satisfied the 
eligibility criteria, 
You will have 
access to cover for 
the excess 
applicable to the 
Rental Vehicle that 
eligibility condition 
3 applies to, 
subject to the 
Policy’s full terms 
and conditions. 
There is no cover under this 
Policy if: 
1. You do not meet the 
eligibility criteria; 
2. The Macquarie Bank 
Card Account has been 
cancelled, suspended or 
terminated; 
3. The Group Policy is 
terminated. 
Please also refer to the 
Terms, Conditions and 
Exclusions within this cover 
section and the General 
Exclusions within this 
Policy. 
Card 
Purchase 
Cover 
(Section L), 
Buyer’s 
Advantage 
Cover 
(Section M) 
1. You are a Covered Person. 
2. You are a Resident of Australia. 
3. You purchase an Eligible Item and pay the 
entire cost using the Card Member’s 
Macquarie Bank Card Account. 
4. The Macquarie Bank Card Account is in 
force (meaning it is not cancelled, 
suspended or terminated) when You meet 
condition 3. 
If You have 
satisfied the 
eligibility criteria, 
You will have 
access to cover for 
the Eligible Items 
that eligibility 
condition 3 applies 
to, subject to the 
Policy’s full terms 
and conditions. 
There is no cover under this 
Policy if: 
1. You do not meet the 
eligibility criteria; 
2. The Macquarie Bank 
Card Account has been 
cancelled, suspended or 
terminated; 
3. the Group Policy is 
terminated. 
Please also refer to the 
Terms, Conditions and 
Exclusions within each 
cover section as well as the 
General Exclusions within 
this Policy.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 15 
Definitions 
The following words when used with capital letters in 
this document have the meaning given below. Wherever 
these words are used in plural in this Policy, they have 
the same meaning as the singular form shown below. 
Accidental Death means death occurring as a result of 
an Injury. 
Additional Card Member means a person who holds an 
additional Macquarie Bank Card Account which attaches 
to the Card Member and may have previously been 
referred to as a supplementary card member. 
Australia means the area enclosed by the territorial 
waters of the Commonwealth of Australia where 
Medicare benefits are payable. ‘Australian’ has a 
corresponding meaning. 
Card Member means the person who is the primary 
account holder of an issued Macquarie Bank Card 
Account. 
Chubb means Chubb Insurance Australia Limited (ABN 
23 001 642 020, AFS Licence No. 239687) of Grosvenor 
Place, Level 38, 225 George Street, SYDNEY NSW 2000 
(Chubb). 
Chubb Assistance means the service provider acting on 
behalf of Chubb to provide emergency assistance. 
Close Relative means Spouse, de-facto, parent, parent- 
in-law, step-parent, child, brother, half-brother, step- 
brother, brother-in-law, sister, half-sister, step-sister, 
sister-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, niece, nephew, 
uncle, aunt, grandparent or grandchild. 
Covered Person means the Card Member or an 
Additional Card Member, and their accompanying: 
1. Spouse; and 
2. legally Dependent Child(ren). 
COVID-19 means Coronavirus disease an infectious 
disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, or any 
variation or mutation of that virus. 
Dentist means a dentist or dental surgeon who is 
registered or licensed to practice dentistry under the 
laws of the country in which they practice, other than 
You or Your Close Relative, unless approved by Chubb 
Assistance, which will not unreasonably be withheld. 
Dependent Child(ren) means any child (including 
stepchild or adopted child) of a Card Member, Additional 
Card Member or Spouse who is primarily dependent 
upon the Card Member, Additional Card Member or 
Spouse for maintenance and support, where the child 
travels with the Card Member or Additional Card Member 
on the Trip and the child is: 
a. nineteen (19) years of age or younger; or 
b. twenty-five (25) years of age or younger and; 
i. a full-time student of an accredited institution of 
higher learning; or 
ii. permanently mentally or physically incapable of 
self-support, as confirmed by medical evidence 
from a Doctor. 
Doctor means a medical practitioner or specialist (an 
expert in a specific area of medicine) who is registered or 
licensed to practice medicine under the laws of the 
country in which they practice, other than You or Your 
Close Relative, unless approved by Chubb Assistance, 
which will not unreasonably be withheld. 
Domestic Return Trip means a trip within Australia 
having at least one (1) overnight stay at Your destination 
which is more than 150-kilometre radius from 
Your Home: 
starting: 
a. when You leave Your Home or Your Work, whichever 
occurs last, to travel to Your destination, and 
ending the earlier of: 
b. when You return to Your Home or Your Work, 
whichever occurs first; or 
c. when Your Trip exceeds fourteen (14) consecutive 
days. 
Eligible Item means an item: 
1. that is purchased from a retailer solely for personal 
use; and 
2. that is new and has not been used in any way at the 
time of purchase; and 
3. the cost of which has been charged to the Card 
Member’s Macquarie Bank Card Account. 
Event(s) means an occurrence that could give rise to a 
claim for a benefit under this Policy. Any one occurrence 
or series of occurrences attributable to one source or 
originating cause is deemed to be one Event. 
Excess means: 
1. for Section E – Loss of Income cover only, the 30-day 
time period which You have to wait until a benefit 
may be payable; or

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 16 
2. for all other sections, the amount specified in the 
Schedule of Benefits that is payable by each Covered 
Person for each claimable Event, when indicated. 
This means that if a claim is covered, the Excess will be 
deducted from Your claim amount before any limits 
have been applied to the amount being claimed. For 
example, if the excess is $250 and Your claim is 
accepted, and You are claiming $500 (where no 
depreciation or other limit applies), the calculation is: 
(-$250) (the excess) + $500 = $250. 
Excluded Sports and Activities means boxing; cave 
diving; horse jumping; horse riding; hunting and hunting 
on horseback; professional sports; canyoning; caving; 
diving; mountain-climbing; steeple chasing; any form of 
motor racing, speed, performance or endurance tests; 
abseiling; American football; bob sleigh; bungee jumping; 
base jumping, canoeing; clay pigeon shooting; deep sea 
fishing; four-wheel driving adventures; go-karting; hang 
gliding; heli-skiing; hockey; hot air ballooning; ice hockey; 
jet biking and jet skiing; martial arts; micro-lighting; 
mountain biking off tarmac; mountaineering; 
parachuting; paragliding; parascending; paraskiing; polo; 
quad biking; rock climbing; SCUBA diving deeper than 
thirty (30) metres; skidoo; ski-jumping; ski-racing; skistunting; tour operator safari (where You or any tourist 
will be carrying guns); trekking requiring climbing 
equipment and/or ascending above 3,000 metres from 
sea level; war games/paint ball; white water rafting; 
yachting more than twenty (20) nautical miles from the 
nearest coastline; participation in ultra-marathon, 
biathlon or triathlon race event. 
Forcible Entry means unlawful entry by forcible and 
violent means, as evidenced by a broken window, 
damaged or picked lock, broken hinge or door handle. 
Group Policy means the group policy of insurance held 
by Macquarie Bank as detailed in the ’Terms and 
Conditions’ section of this Policy. 
Hijack means the unlawful seizure of or wrongful 
exercise of control of the aircraft or other Public 
Transport on which You are travelling. ‘Hijacking’, 
‘Hijacked’ and ‘Hijackers’ have the same corresponding 
meaning. 
Home means Your usual place of residence in Australia 
(where You live). 
Illness means a sickness or disease (including COVID-19) 
which requires Treatment by a Doctor or a Dentist. An 
Illness is not a Pre-Existing Medical Condition and is not 
an Injury. 
Injury means an accidental bodily injury resulting solely 
and directly from: 
a. a sudden, external and identifiable Event that 
happens by chance and could not have been 
expected from the perspective of the Covered 
Person; and 
b. which occurs independently of any Illness or any other 
cause; and 
c. causes a loss within twelve (12) months of the 
accident. 
It does not mean an Illness or any Pre-Existing Medical 
Condition. 
Insolvency means bankruptcy, provisional liquidation, 
liquidation, insolvency, appointment of a receiver or 
administrator, entry into a scheme of arrangement, 
statutory protection stopping the payment of debts or 
the happening of anything of a similar nature under the 
laws of any jurisdiction. 
Long Overseas Trip means an Overseas Return Trip with 
an itinerary of 15 days or more. 
Macquarie Bank means Macquarie Bank Limited, the 
Policy holder. 
Macquarie Bank Card Account means an account issued 
by Macquarie Bank which is current (meaning it is not 
suspended or cancelled) for the following card product: 
a. Macquarie Bank Platinum Credit Card. 
Manual Work means paid work which involves the 
installation, assembly, maintenance or repair of electrical, 
mechanical or hydraulic plant (other than in a purely 
managerial, supervisory, sales or administrative capacity). 
It also means manual labour of any kind including, but not 
restricted to, hands-on work such as a plumber, 
electrician, lighting or sound technician, carpenter, 
painter, decorator or builder. 
Medical Emergency means an Injury, sudden and 
unforeseen Illness or dental issue, suffered by You while 
on an Overseas Return Trip (except when in Australia), 
which results in Your immediate need for Treatment 
which cannot be reasonably delayed without causing 
discomfort or risk of potential aggravation of the Illness, 
issue or pain until Your return to Australia and where the 
Treatment is deemed necessary by a local treating 
Doctor who has assessed You for Treatment or by Chubb 
Assistance. 
Money means currency, travellers cheques, hotel and 
other redeemable holiday vouchers and petrol coupons. It 
does not mean cryptocurrency. 
Monthly Salary means: 
1. for an employed person: Your regular monthly pre-tax 
base salary paid every calendar month excluding 
bonus, commission, overtime or any other variable 
income; or

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 17 
2. for a self-employed person: monthly pre-tax income 
derived from personal exertion, after deduction of all 
expenses incurred in connection with the derivation 
of that income, averaged over the period of twelve 
(12) months immediately preceding the loss of 
income or over such shorter period as they have 
been self-employed. 
Natural Disaster means volcanic eruption, flood (more 
than 20,000 square metres of normally dry land), 
tsunami, earthquake, landslide, hurricane, cyclone, 
typhoon, tornado or bushfire. It does not mean any 
infectious or contagious disease or virus regardless of 
transmission (including pandemic or epidemic). 
Non-Scheduled Flight means a flight on an aircraft 
whose flights are not conducted in accordance with 
fixed flying schedules, over specific air routes, to and 
from fixed terminals. For example, a privately hired, 
rented or chartered air transport (such as a private jet 
or plane or helicopter). 
One-Way Trip means any trip for which You are unable 
to provide evidence of Your intention to return to Your 
Home or Your Work. 
Overseas Return Trip means a trip where Your 
destination is outside of Australia: 
starting: 
a. when You leave Your Home or Your Work, whichever 
occurs last, to travel to the airport to fly on Your 
Scheduled Flight; or 
b. when You leave Your Home or Your Work, whichever 
occurs last, to travel to a harbour port to board a 
Scheduled Cruise; and 
ending the earlier of: 
c. when You return to Your Home or Your Work 
(whichever occurs first) having travelled from the 
airport or harbour port; or 
d. when Your Trip exceeds ninety (90) consecutive days. 
Pair or Set means a number of items used together, 
associated as being similar or corresponding (including 
attached and unattached accessories) and being 
regarded as one (1) unit. 
Permanent Disablement means a loss caused by an 
Injury which results in the: 
a. complete and permanent severance of a foot at or 
above the ankle joint; or 
b. complete and permanent severance of a hand at or 
above the wrist; or 
c. irrecoverable loss of the entire sight of an eye. 
Personal Baggage means items of necessity, ornament 
or personal convenience or personal use for Your 
individual use during the Trip, including clothing, toiletries, 
and personal effects worn or carried by You within a 
suitcase (or similar). It does not include Valuables. 
Policy means this document which details the insurance 
benefits available to You under the Group Policy including 
all relevant terms, conditions and exclusions. 
Pre-Existing Medical Condition means any physical 
defect, medical or dental condition, illness, injury or 
disease that: 
1. within the two (2) years prior to You making Your 
Relevant Travel Purchase: 
a. requires either of the following: 
i. ongoing medication for Treatment or risk factor 
control; 
ii. prescribed medication from a Doctor; 
iii. check-ups, consultations, reviews or progress 
advice (other than those recommended by a 
Doctor to review a previous condition that is 
considered by a Doctor prior to You making Your 
Relevant Travel Purchase to be cured or in 
complete remission); or 
iv. surgery; or 
b. is either: 
i. related to cancer; or 
ii. under investigation; or 
iii. pending diagnosis or test results; or 
iv. chronic or arthritic; or 
2. within the three (3) years prior to You making Your 
Relevant Travel Purchase involves: 
a. any of the following body parts: 
i. heart; 
ii. brain (other than a mental health related 
condition); 
iii. liver; 
iv. back; 
v. spine; 
vi. kidneys; 
vii. cardiovascular or circulatory or respiratory system; 
and 
b. where such medical condition either: 
i. involved a hospital emergency visitation or being 
an inpatient in hospital; or 
ii. required or requires surgery, a specialist 
appointment or consultation; or

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 18 
iii. requires: 
A. ongoing medication for treatment or risk 
factor control; or 
B. prescribed medication from a Doctor; or 
C. check-ups, consultations, reviews or progress 
advice (other than those recommended by a 
Doctor to review a previous condition that is 
considered by a Doctor prior to You making 
Your Relevant Travel Purchase, to be cured or 
in complete remission); or 
c. is currently either: 
i. under investigation; or 
ii. pending diagnosis or test results; or 
3. within the three (3) months immediately prior to You 
making Your Relevant Travel Purchase led to the 
manifestation of symptoms where a reasonable 
person in the circumstances would be expected to be 
aware of. 
Public Place means, but is not limited to, shops, buses, 
planes, trains, taxis, airports, bus depots, hotel foyers, 
restaurants, cafes, beaches, entertainment venues and 
any place that is accessible by the public. 
Public Transport means an air, land, water or rail 
passenger transport that operates to a published 
timetable or schedule and is available to the public. It 
does not mean privately hired, rented or chartered air, 
land or water transport (such as a taxi, Uber, 
Limousines, helicopter, private jet or plane). 
Relevant Travel Purchase means: 
1. if You are going on a Domestic Return Trip, prior to 
the Trip departure date You: 
i. spend $500 or more on accommodation; or 
ii. pay the full amount of Your outbound ticket for 
Your Scheduled Flight or Scheduled Cruise to 
Your scheduled outbound destination, 
2. if You are going on an Overseas Return Trip, prior to 
the Trip departure date You pay the full amount of 
Your outbound ticket for Your Scheduled Flight or 
Scheduled Cruise leaving Australia; 
using: 
i. the Card Member’s Macquarie Bank Card 
Account; and/or 
ii. the Card Member’s corresponding Macquarie 
Rewards points and/or any gift card purchased 
using Macquarie Rewards points. 
Rental Agreement means the contract of hire between 
the Rental Company and You in respect of a Rental 
Vehicle. 
Rental Company means a company or agency that hires 
Rental Vehicles and is fully licenced with the regulatory 
authority of the Country, state or local authority where 
the Rental Vehicle is collected. 
Rental Vehicle means any sedan, station wagon, 
hatchback, sports utility vehicle (SUV) or other non- 
commercial vehicle rented under a Rental Agreement on 
a daily or weekly basis from a Rental Company. It does 
not mean trucks, buses (except for mini buses hired for 
recreational purposes), trailers, caravans, campervans, 
motorcycles, mopeds, motorbikes, motor homes, 
scooters or bicycles. 
Rental Vehicle Deductible means the amount (insurance 
excess) payable by You for each and every claim when 
You have purchased the comprehensive vehicle insurance 
proposed by the Rental Company. 
Repatriation/Evacuation means Your: 
1. transportation to the nearest hospital, if 
transportation is not provided free of charge in the 
country of incident; or 
2. evacuation to the nearest adequately equipped 
hospital in the event that local medical facilities 
consider they cannot adequately treat You or where 
Chubb Assistance’s medical officer considers local 
medical facilities to be inadequate; or 
3. repatriation directly to Australia when permitted by 
the local treating Doctor or when recommended by 
Chubb Assistance’s medical officer; or 
4. return to Australia after hospitalisation, provided that 
You are deemed to be medically fit for travel by a 
treating Doctor or by Chubb Assistance’s medical 
officer, and that Your original means of transportation 
cannot be used. 
Resident of Australia means an Australian citizen, holder 
of an Australian permanent residency visa, partner/ 
spouse visa, Australian skilled migrant visa (including 457 
and Temporary Skill Shortage (TSS) visa), or a student 
visa: 
a. with a right to entry into Australia in accordance with 
their citizenship, residency or visa; 
b. with access to long-term medical care in Australia; 
c. who has a permanent Australian residential address; 
and 
d. who currently resides in Australia. 
Scheduled Airline means airline passenger transport that 
operates to a published timetable or schedule and is 
available to the general public. It does not mean privately 
hired, rented or chartered air transport (such private jet 
or plane or helicopter).

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 19 
Scheduled Cruise means passenger transport that 
operates to a published timetable or schedule and is 
available to the general public. It does not mean 
privately hired, rented or chartered sea transport (such 
as water taxi, private boat, cruising on a cargo ship). 
Scheduled Flight means a flight in an aircraft on a 
Scheduled Airline. 
Schengen Visa means You holding a valid visa that 
enables You to enter, freely travel within, and leave any 
of the Schengen member countries within Europe. 
Secure Area means the locked dashboard, glove 
compartment, boot or luggage compartment of a motor 
vehicle including the locked luggage compartment of a 
hatchback or station wagon, the fixed storage units of a 
motorised or towed caravan, or a locked luggage box 
locked to a roof rack locked to the vehicle, providing 
that, in each case, all items are out of sight. 
Smartphone means an electronic device used for mobile 
telecommunications over a cellular network (including 
but not limited to, Apple, Samsung, Huawei or similar). 
Smartphone does not mean tablets or smart watches. 
Special Event means a wedding, funeral, pre-paid 
conference, pre-paid sporting event, pre-paid concert or 
festival, which before You started Your Trip You had 
planned to attend. 
Spouse means the Card Member’s or the Additional 
Card Member’s husband, wife, fiancé, defacto and 
travels with the Card Member or Additional Card 
Member on the Trip. 
Terrorism means activities against persons, 
organisations or property of any nature: 
a. that involves the following or preparation for the 
following: 
i. use of, or threat of, force or violence; 
ii. commission of, or threat of, force or violence; or 
iii. commission of, or threat of, an act that interferes 
with or disrupts an electronic, communication, 
information, or mechanical system; and 
b. when one (1) or both of the following applies; 
i. the effect is to intimidate or coerce a government 
of the civilian population or any segment thereof, 
or to disrupt any segment of the economy; 
and/or 
ii. it appears that the intent is to intimidate or 
coerce a government, or to further political, 
ideological, religious, social or economic 
objectives or to express (or express opposition to) 
a philosophy or ideology. 
Temporary Total Disablement means the temporary 
inability of You to engage in Your Usual Work, while You 
are under the regular care of and acting in accordance 
with the instructions or advice of a Doctor. If selfemployed, Temporary Total Disablement must prevent 
You from helping, managing or carrying out any part of 
the day-to-day running of a business. 
Terminal Illness means a medical condition for which a 
terminal prognosis has been given by a qualified Doctor 
and which is likely to result in death. 
Travel Documents means travel tickets, passports, visas 
and driving licence. 
Travelling Companion means a person travelling with 
You on a Trip which has the same travel itinerary as You. 
Treatment means surgical or medical procedures 
performed by a Doctor or qualified Dentist where the 
sole purpose of which is to cure or relieve Illness or Injury. 
Trip means: 
1. a Domestic Return Trip; or 
2. an Overseas Return Trip. 
Unattended means when Your Personal Baggage, 
Valuables, Money, Travel Documents or an Eligible Item 
are not: 
a. worn or carried by You; or 
b. under Your observation within three (3) metres of 
You. 
Usual Work means permanent full or part time 
employment, including self-employment, which you are 
engaged in prior to Your Overseas Return Trip starting 
and that You intend to return to at the end of Your 
Overseas Return Trip. 
Valuables means jewellery; furs; articles containing 
precious metals or precious stones; watches; binoculars; 
audio equipment or devices; photographic and electronic 
equipment or devices; Smartphones; personal organisers 
and games consoles; laptops and external computer 
devices (including all printers, modems, external hard 
drives and similar). 
We/Our/Us means Chubb. 
Work means Your usual place of work within Australia 
having a fixed physical address. 
You/Your means a Covered Person.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 20 
Coverage Summary 
The coverage summary table below is a summary of cover only, it is not an exhaustive list of all limits, terms, 
conditions or exclusions in this Policy. It can be used as a quick reference to understand key coverage elements to 
each cover section. For a full understanding of what is covered, when You are covered and where cover does not 
apply, please refer to the individual section including the General Exclusions within this Policy. You should always 
read the full Policy for comprehensive details. The benefits provided are subject to the terms, conditions and 
exclusions contained within this Policy. 
Cover 
Section Cover Description Key Exclusions and Limitations 
Section A Overseas Medical Emergency 
Expenses Cover 
Provides cover for: 
• Repatriation/ Evacuation, the cost of 
medical and dental Treatment and 
reasonable extra accommodation costs, 
in the event of a Medical Emergency while 
on Your Overseas Trip (except when You 
are in Australia); 
• transportation of Your remains or burial 
expenses if You die during Your Trip. 
IMPORTANT: No cover is available under this 
cover section if You are eighty-six (86) years 
of age or older at the date You make a 
Relevant Travel Purchase. Refer to the 
Eligibility for Insurance Table for full details. 
• Your Pre-Existing Medical Conditions; 
• any expenses if You are eighty-six (86) years of 
age or older at the time You make Your 
Relevant Travel Purchase; 
• costs arising from Your participation in 
Excluded Sports and Activities; 
• medical costs if You do not make reasonable 
attempts to contact Chubb Assistance where 
You were reasonably able to do so; 
• loss arising from any epidemic, pandemic or 
outbreak of an infectious disease or virus 
(except for loss arising from COVID-19 which is 
first diagnosed by a Doctor while on Your Trip); 
• costs arising from or related to Trips where the 
following advice has been provided prior to 
starting Your Trip, 
− an Australian State or Territory or the 
Australian Federal Government or an 
Australian government agency (such as 
DFAT) has issued a travel advisory warning, 
advising You to ‘Do Not Travel’ or that 
borders are closed, for the destination You 
planned to travel to; or 
− a Doctor advised You not to travel.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 21 
Cover 
Section Cover Description Key Exclusions and Limitations 
Section B Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover 
Provides cover in the event You must Cancel, 
Curtail or change Your Trip for the following 
reasons: 
• You or Your Travelling Companion being, 
in the opinion of a treating Doctor, unfit 
to begin or continue Your Trip due to an 
Injury, suffering an unforeseen Illness or 
dying before or during Your Trip; 
• Your Close Relative, or a Close Relative of 
a Travelling Companion, having an Injury, 
suffering an unforeseen Illness or dying 
before or during Your Trip; 
• a Natural Disaster has caused devastation 
to the destination You were intending to 
travel; 
• as a result of a Natural Disaster, an 
Australian State, Territory, or the 
Australian Federal Government or an 
Australian government agency (such as 
DFAT – Department of Trade and Foreign 
Affairs) have issued, or upgraded a travel 
advisory warning advising You to ‘Do Not 
Travel’ or that borders are closed at the 
destination You were intending to travel, 
and the warning was published or the 
borders were closed after You: 
− made Your Relevant Travel Purchase 
(for Cancellation claims); or 
− started Your Trip (for Curtailment and 
Trip Change claims). 
Cover varies depending on the Trip type 
(overseas or domestic). 
What is covered? 
Non-refundable deposits, excursion costs and 
unused travel and accommodation costs You 
have paid in advance. 
• You or any other person having a change of 
mind and deciding not to start a Trip, continue 
with the Trip or any other disinclination to 
travel; 
• Cancellation, Curtailment or Trip Change due to 
Pre-Existing Medical Conditions; 
• Close Relative who is not a Resident of 
Australia; 
• circumstances where Cancellation, Curtailment 
or Trip Change was foreseeable, avoidable, 
unnecessary or within Your control at the time 
of making a Relevant Travel Purchase (for 
Cancellation) or before starting a Trip (for 
Curtailment or Trip Change); 
• additional costs incurred due to Your failure to 
notify the carrier or travel agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable that Your Trip is to be 
Cancelled or Curtailed; 
• any government regulation, conditions, 
prohibition or restriction, including but not 
limited to: 
− mandatory quarantine, except where You 
have a valid Trip Change or Curtailment 
claim under specified Event 1 of Section B 
and incur reasonable additional travel or 
accommodation expenses resulting from the 
quarantine; 
− border closures and/or government travel 
advisories except where You have a 
necessary and unavoidable Cancellation, 
Curtailment or Trip Change due to specified 
Event 10 of Section B; 
• loss arising from any epidemic, pandemic or 
outbreak of an infectious disease or virus 
(except for loss arising from COVID-19 which is 
covered under specified Events 1 and 2). 
Section C Accidental Death Cover 
• Cover in the event an Injury results in 
Your Accidental Death whilst on an 
Overseas Return Trip. 
• Your death if it occurs in Australia; 
• death caused by Illness, a Pre-Existing Medical 
Condition or natural causes.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 22 
Cover 
Section Cover Description Key Exclusions and Limitations 
Section D Public Transport Accident Cover 
• Provides cover for Accidental Death or 
Permanent Disablement arising: 
− while travelling as a passenger on 
Public Transport; or 
− from exposure and disappearance, if 
the Public Transport You were 
travelling on disappeared, sank, or was 
wrecked, while on an Overseas Return 
Trip. 
• privately hired, rented or chartered transport; 
• Your Accidental Death or Permanent 
Disablement if it occurs within Australia; 
• We will only pay one (1) benefit type amount for 
any one (1) accident or Injury, being the highest 
benefit type amount for a Card Member, 
Additional Card Member, Spouse or Dependent 
Child(ren). 
Section E Loss of Income Cover 
Provides cover for loss of Your Monthly 
Salary if You are employed or self-employed 
and during an Overseas Return Trip suffer an 
Injury which results in Temporary Total 
Disablement and a loss of Your Monthly 
Salary for thirty (30) days or more. 
Any future income You expect or could receive as 
part of any bonus or bonus structure, salary 
increase, salary sacrifice scheme or employee 
benefit scheme (such as shares). 
Section F Resumption of Long Overseas Trip Cover 
Provides cover for costs to resume Your 
Long Overseas Trip (when You have more 
than fourteen (14) days from the return date 
of Your Long Overseas Trip) after it has been 
interrupted following the death, Injury or 
unforeseen Illness of a Close Relative. 
• Costs if You do not resume Your Long Overseas 
Trip within thirty (30) days of returning to 
Australia and have fourteen (14) days or less 
remaining from the return date of Your Long 
Overseas Trip; 
• Close Relative who is not a Resident of 
Australia; 
• costs where there was a reasonable likelihood 
that a return Home may be necessary or a 
reasonable person under the circumstances 
would have foreseen prior to making the 
Relevant Travel Purchase, arranging, 
rearranging the Trip may lead to Your return 
Home from a Long Overseas Trip. 
Section G Trip Delay Cover 
Provides cover for: 
• Delayed Interstate Flights of four (4) 
hours or more; 
• Delayed flight departure of six (6) hours or 
more, flight cancellation, denied flight 
boarding, missed flight connection on 
Overseas Return Trips; 
• twelve (12) hour Personal Baggage delay 
checked-in on Scheduled Flight. 
The amount of cover varies for each benefit. 
• Personal Baggage delay or extended Personal 
Baggage delay when checked-in on the 
Scheduled Flight that returns You Home; 
• the purchase of clothing or toiletries that are 
not reasonably necessary for Your Trip; 
• costs if You fail to notify the transport provider 
or carrier about delayed or missing luggage or 
You do not obtain a luggage incident report 
from them or show You have taken reasonable 
steps to obtain one. 
• any delay or cancellation of a Scheduled Flight 
as a result of COVID-19.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 23 
Cover 
Section Cover Description Key Exclusions and Limitations 
Section H Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and 
Travel Documents Cover 
Provides cover for damaged, destroyed, lost, 
stolen Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money 
and Travel Documents during Your Trip. 
• Valuables or Money within Your Personal 
Baggage checked-in or stowed in the luggage 
hold of an airplane, ship, bus or train; 
• Valuables and/or Money that are left 
Unattended in a motor vehicle; 
• items left Unattended in a Public Place (unless 
You have no option other than to leave the 
items Unattended due to an emergency 
medical, security or evacuation situation); 
• where a written report from local police, carrier, 
tour or transport operator or accommodation 
provider cannot be provided or where the 
Covered Person is unable to show they have 
taken reasonable steps to obtain a written 
report; 
• deductions will be applied for depreciation 
(wear and tear), as explained in Section H. 
Section I Hijack Cover 
If Your Public Transport is Hijacked and You 
are detained for more than twenty-four (24) 
hours, covers the cost of Your Close 
Relatives travelling to stay at the place of 
Hijack. 
• We will not act as Your negotiator or 
intermediary or advise You or any other person 
in dealing with the Hijackers; 
• Hijacking by a member of Your family, Close 
Relative or Travelling Companion. 
Section J Personal Liability Cover 
Covers Your liability if You damage 
someone’s property or cause them Injury. 
• You intentionally incurring any liability; 
• Injury to any person who is a member of Your 
family, a Close Relative, a Travelling Companion 
or any person under a contract of service or 
apprenticeship with You; 
• any damage or Injury out of the ownership, 
possession, control or use by You or on Your 
behalf of: 
− mechanically propelled vehicles (including 
scooters), aircraft (including drones), 
hovercraft or watercraft (other than non- 
mechanically propelled watercraft less than 
ten (10) metres in length); 
− firearms; 
− animals (other than horses and domestic 
pets).

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
Macquarie Group Limited 24 
Cover 
Section Cover Description Key Exclusions and Limitations 
Section K Rental Vehicle Excess Cover 
Provides cover for the excess for which You 
would be liable to pay when You hire a Rental 
Vehicle and Your Rental Vehicle is: 
a. damaged in a motor vehicle collision; or 
b. damaged by fire; or 
c. maliciously damaged; or 
d. stolen; 
whilst in Your control or custody. 
• The rental of trucks, buses (except for mini 
buses hired for recreational purposes), trailers, 
caravans, motorcycles, mopeds, motorbikes, 
motor homes, scooters or bicycles; 
• the operation of the Rental Vehicle which 
violates the terms of the Rental Agreement; 
• costs where You are not a nominated driver or 
specified driver under the Rental Agreement; 
• costs where You do not have an appropriate 
and a valid driving licence giving You legal rights 
to drive; 
• costs incurred by anyone who is not a Covered 
Person; 
• costs where You have not paid for the 
insurance for loss or damage to the Rental 
Vehicle option on the Rental Vehicle. 
Section L Card Purchase Cover 
Provides cover for theft or damage to Eligible 
Items within ninety (90) days of purchase. 
• An Eligible Item left Unattended in a Public 
Place (unless You have no option other than to 
leave the Eligible Item Unattended due to an 
emergency medical, security or evacuation 
situation); 
• An Eligible Item left Unattended in a motor 
vehicle except where they are locked in a 
Secure Area which has been accessed by 
Forcible Entry or You have no option other than 
to leave the Eligible Items Unattended due to an 
emergency medical, security or evacuation 
situation. 
Section M Buyer’s Advantage Cover 
Provides cover for the breakdown or defect 
of Eligible Items during the buyer’s advantage 
period. 
• Items purchased from a retailer outside 
Australia; 
• any costs other than for parts and/or labour 
costs resulting from a covered breakdown or 
defect.

25 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Schedule of Benefits 
Please note that amounts quoted are in Australian dollars, unless otherwise noted. 
Travel Insurance 
Section of 
Cover Cover 
Benefit Limits - per Covered Person unless otherwise stated Limitations on Cover 
Overseas Return Trip Domestic Return Trip Excess Applies 
Age Limit 
Applies 
Section A Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses Cover 
1. In the event of a medical emergency (section 
limit) 
Unlimited* for up to twelve (12) months from 
the date of the Injury or Illness (other than for 
any medical emergency as a result of an act 
of Terrorism which is sub-limited to 
$1,000,000) 
 
 
 
 
Not Covered $250 
Yes 
You must be 
eighty-five 
(85) years of 
age or 
younger at 
the time 
You make 
Your 
Relevant 
Travel 
Purchase. 
2. Emergency Dental (sub-limit) Up to $1,250 
3. Repatriation/Evacuation (sub-limit) Up to $500,000 
4. Incidental expenses each 24 hours (sub- 
limit) 
Up to $100 per 24-hour period to a maximum 
of $12,000 
5. Extra accommodation (room only) (sub- 
limit) 
Up to $200 per 24-hour period to a maximum 
of $4,000 
6.a) Return economy airfare (sub-limit) Up to $1,500 
6.b) Extra accommodation (room-only) (sublimit) 
Up to $150 per 24-hour period to a maximum 
of $2,100 
2. In the event of Your death 
(Repatriation/Funeral/Burial costs) Up to $20,000 Up to $20,000 
In the event of Your death in a Schengen 
member state Up to 30,000 EUR Not Covered 
Section B 
Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover 
(section limit) Unlimited Up to $3,000 
$250 No b. Travel agent commission (sub-limit) Up to 15% or $1,000, whichever is the lesser Up to 15% or $750, whichever is the lesser 
c. Additional travel and accommodation (sublimit) Up to $500 Up to $500 
*unlimited costs for up to twelve (12) months from the date of the Injury or Illness.

26 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Travel Insurance 
Section of 
Cover Cover 
Benefit Limits - per Covered Person unless otherwise stated Limitations on Cover 
Overseas Return Trip Domestic Return Trip Excess Applies 
Age Limit 
Applies 
Section C 
Accidental Death Cover Card Member 
/Additional 
Card Member 
Spouse Dependent 
Child 
Card Member/Additional Card Member/ 
Spouse/Dependent Child Nil No 
Accidental Death due to Injury $20,000 $15,000 $10,000 Not Covered 
Section D 
Public Transport 
Accident Cover 
Benefit Type Card Member/Additional Card Member/ 
Spouse/Dependent Child 
Card Member/Additional Card Member 
/Spouse/Dependent Child 
Nil No 
1. Accidental Death or 
Permanent 
Disablement arising 
while travelling as a 
passenger on Public 
Transport 
2. Accidental Death or 
Permanent 
Disablement arising 
from exposure 
3. Accidental Death 
arising from 
disappearance while 
travelling on Public 
Transport 
i. Accidental Death $500,000 Not Covered 
Permanent 
Disablement: 
 
ii. Loss of both hands 
or both feet $500,000 Not Covered 
iii. Loss of one (1) hand 
and one (1) foot $500,000 Not Covered 
iv. Loss of entire sight 
of both eyes $500,000 Not Covered 
v. Loss of entire sight 
of one (1) eye and 
one (1) hand or one 
(1) foot 
$500,000 Not Covered 
vi. Loss of one (1) hand 
or one (1) foot $250,000 Not Covered 
vii. Loss of the entire 
sight of one (1) eye $250,000 Not Covered 
Section E Loss of Income Cover (section limit) Up to $12,000 Not Covered 30 days No Monthly Salary Up to $4,000 per month 
Section F 
Resumption of Long Overseas Trip Cover 
Not Covered $250 No 1) Returning to Australia for a Close Relative Up to $3,000 
2) Returning to Australia for a Close Relative with 
a Pre-Existing Medical Condition Up to $2,000

27 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Travel Insurance 
Section of 
Cover Cover 
Benefit Limits - per Covered Person unless otherwise stated Limitations on Cover 
Overseas Return Trip Domestic Return Trip Excess Applies 
Age Limit 
Applies 
Section G 
Trip Delay Cover Per Covered Person Maximum for all 
Covered Persons 
(when travelling 
together ) 
Per Covered Person Maximum for all 
Covered Persons 
(when travelling 
together ) 
 
No 
1. Delayed Interstate Flight (while on a Domestic 
Return Trip) Not Covered Not Covered Up to $100, after 4 
hours^ 
Up to $500, after 4 
hours^ NIL 
2. Delayed, cancelled, overbooked or missed 
onward flight (while on an Overseas Return 
Trip) 
Up to $750, after 6 
hours 
Up to $1,500, after 6 
hours Not Covered $250 
3. Extended Delayed, cancelled, overbooked or 
missed onward flight 
Up to $500 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 30 
hours), to a maximum 
of $2,000 
Up to $1,000 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 30 
hours), to a maximum 
of $4,000 
Not Covered $250 
4. Delay of Personal Baggage checked-in on 
Scheduled Flight Up to $500, after 12 
hours 
Up to $1,000, after 12 
hours 
Up to $100, after 12 
hours 
Up to $500, after 12 
hours 
$250 for Overseas 
Return Trips, NIL 
for Domestic 
Return Trips 
5. Extended Delay Personal Baggage delay 
checked-in on Scheduled Flight 
Up to $500 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 36 
hours), to a maximum 
of $2,000 
Up to $1,000 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 36 
hours), to a maximum 
of $4,000 
Up to $100 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 36 
hours) to a maximum 
of $300 
Up to $200 per 24hour period (first 
payable after 36 
hours) to a maximum 
of $600 
$250 for Overseas 
Return Trips, NIL 
for Domestic 
Return Trips 
6. Delayed arrival to a Special Event Up to $3,250 for all Covered Persons Not Covered $250 
^Cover is not available on intrastate flights.

28 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Travel Insurance 
Section of 
Cover Cover 
Benefit Limits - per Covered Person unless otherwise stated Limitations on Cover 
Overseas Return Trip Domestic Return Trip Excess Applies 
Age Limit 
Applies 
Section H 
Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and Travel 
Documents Cover (section limit) Up to $15,000 Up to $2,000 
$250 No 
a. Money and Travel Documents (sub-limit) Up to $500 Up to $250 
b. Maximum total of all Valuables (including sublimits i. to iv.); Up to $11,000 Up to $1,500 
i. One (1) Smartphone (sub-limit); Up to $2,000 Up to $500 
ii. One (1) laptop (sub-limit); Up to $3,500 Not Covered 
iii. One (1) camera (including lenses and 
accessories) (sub-limit); Up to $3,500 Up to $500 
iv. Any other Valuable item (sub-limit) Up to $3,500 Up to $500 
c. any other single item or Pair or Set of items 
(sub-limit) Up to $3,500 Up to $500 
Section I 
Hijack Cover (section limit is an aggregate limit 
for all Your Close Relatives) Up to $6,700 
Not Covered Nil No a. return economy airfare Up to $2,500 
b. extra accommodation (room-only) for each 
twenty-four (24) hour period 
Up to $300 per 24-hour period to a maximum 
of $4,200 
Section J Personal Liability Cover (section limit) Up to $2,500,000 Up to $1,000,000 $250 No 
Section K Rental Vehicle Excess Cover (section limit) Up to $5,000 Up to $5,000 $250 No 
Retail Item Protection 
Section of 
Cover 
Cover Benefit Limit Excess applies Age Limit 
Applies 
Section L Card Purchase Cover (section limit) Up to $25,000 in any one (1) calendar year (1st January – 31st December) period $250 No Per Eligible Item Up to $2,500 
Section M Buyer’s Advantage Cover (section limit) Up to $10,000 any one (1) calendar year (1st January – 31st December) period $250 No Per Eligible Item Up to $10,000

29 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section A – Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
IMPORTANT: No cover is available under Section A if You 
are eighty-six (86) years of age or older at the date You 
make a Relevant Travel Purchase. Refer to the Eligibility 
for Insurance Table for full details. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
1. In the event of a Medical Emergency 
If: 
• You are aged eighty-five (85) years or younger at the 
time You make Your Relevant Travel Purchase, and 
• during Your Overseas Return Trip (except when You 
are in Australia), You have a Medical Emergency 
resulting from an Injury or Illness, which is not a PreExisting Medical Condition, 
We will pay or reimburse the reasonable expenses for: 
1. Your emergency medical Treatment and hospital 
costs; 
2. Your emergency dental Treatment to natural teeth; 
3. Your Repatriation/Evacuation costs if approved by 
Chubb Assistance (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed) following 
consultation with the treating Doctor; 
4. Your incidental expenses, such as food and toiletries 
expenses, which You may incur as a result of being 
hospitalised as an in-patient for each complete 
twenty-four (24) hour period; 
5. reasonable extra accommodation costs (room-only) 
for You and any person who stays or travels with You 
to provide support or care, as reasonably agreed by 
Chubb Assistance; 
6. if You are travelling alone, We will pay the reasonable 
costs for: 
i. a return economy airfare; and 
ii. extra accommodation (room-only); 
for Your friend or Close Relative to stay with You as 
reasonably agreed by Chubb Assistance. 
The maximum We will pay or reimburse under the 
Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses Cover is the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of 
sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. However, 
We will stop paying costs and expenses prior to that limit 
being reached if one of the following first occurs: 
a. twelve (12) months have elapsed from the date of the 
Injury or Illness; or 
b. You return to Australia; or 
c. You are declared fit to travel to return to Australia by 
a treating Doctor or by Chubb Assistance’s medical 
officer, but You choose to remain overseas. 
2. In the event of Your death 
If You die during Your Trip, Chubb Assistance will 
organise, arrange and pay the reasonable costs up to the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of sub- 
limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits for: 
a. transportation of Your remains to an airport of Your 
Home State or Territory in Australia; or 
b. cremation and subsequent transportation of Your 
remains to an airport of Your Home State or Territory 
in Australia; or 
c. local (in the country of Your death) burial. 
If You hold a valid Schengen Visa and in the event of Your 
death in a Schengen member state during Your Overseas 
Return Trip, the maximum amount We will pay in total 
will not exceed 30,000EUR for expenses incurred in that 
Schengen member state for Your burial or cremation. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses 
Cover 
1. You must be eighty-five (85) years of age or younger 
at the time You make Your Relevant Travel Purchase. 
2. We will not be liable to pay or reimburse You for any 
medical Treatment, hospital costs, dental Treatment 
or any other ancillary Treatment (i.e. physiotherapy) 
that are incurred in Australia. 
3. You must take all reasonable measures to avoid or 
minimise any claim, to follow all applicable care and 
safety procedures notified to You by a treating Doctor 
or Chubb Assistance’s medical officer, to obtain help 
or assistance as soon as reasonably possible and avoid 
danger, except in an attempt to save human life.

30 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
4. You must make all reasonable attempts to call 
(demonstrated in call logs) Chubb Assistance before 
seeking overseas emergency medical Treatment. If 
Your medical condition prevents You from calling, if 
possible, someone else should call on Your behalf, 
such as a relative, Travelling Companion, nurse or 
Doctor. If You do not make reasonable attempts to 
call Chubb Assistance before seeking emergency 
medical Treatment, or You chose to seek Treatment 
from a medical service provider not approved by 
Chubb Assistance, You may be responsible for Your 
medical expense costs to the extent that those 
medical expenses could otherwise have been reduced 
through preferred medical providers arranged by 
Chubb Assistance. 
5. In the event of an overseas Medical Emergency, We 
will arrange Your transportation to the nearest 
hospital or evacuate You to the nearest adequately 
equipped hospital in the event that local medical 
facilities consider they cannot adequately treat You 
or where Chubb Assistance’s medical officer 
considers local medical facilities to be inadequate. 
6. If Your original means of transportation cannot be 
used, We will repatriate You directly to Australia 
when You are deemed medically fit to travel by the 
local treating Doctor or by Chubb Assistance’s 
medical officer. 
7. To understand the extent of Your Injury or Illness and 
what Treatment or Repatriation/Evacuation, if any, is 
required, We may seek a second independent Doctor 
or Dentist to review and confirm what medical 
Treatment, expenses or Repatriation/Evacuation is 
appropriate. 
8. We will repatriate or evacuate You to Australia by 
the quickest and most direct route as determined by 
the treating Doctor or as recommended by Chubb 
Assistance’s medical officer. However, if You chose to 
be repatriated or evacuated without first discussing 
this with Chubb Assistance, You may be responsible 
for any costs to the extent that those Repatriation/ 
Evacuation costs could otherwise have been reduced 
through preferred medical providers arranged by 
Chubb. 
9. If You do not hold a return airline ticket, an amount 
equal to the cost for an economy class one (1) way 
ticket to Australia from the location of the incident 
will be deducted from Your claim for Repatriation/ 
Evacuation expenses. 
10. Claims for death will require a death certificate 
confirming the cause of death. If it is not reasonably 
practical to obtain a death certificate, You or Your 
legal representative must provide reasonable 
evidence in support of why a death certificate cannot 
be obtained, such as emails, call logs demonstrating 
Your or Your legal representative’s attempt to obtain 
the death certificate. 
11. Benefits will be paid in Australian dollars to Your 
estate following death. 
Exclusions applicable to Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. Your Pre-Existing Medical Condition(s); 
2. where You are eighty-six (86) years of age or older at 
the time You make Your Relevant Travel Purchase; 
3. any medical Treatment, hospital costs, dental 
Treatment or any other ancillary Treatment (i.e. 
physiotherapy) that are incurred in Australia (including 
where such costs are incurred within the territorial 
waters of Australia); 
4. costs that are incurred twelve (12) months after the 
date of the Injury or Illness first occurs; 
5. Your failure to make any reasonable attempt to 
contact Chubb Assistance where You were reasonably 
able to do so; 
6. Your participation in Excluded Sports and Activities; 
7. participation in a sporting event where You receive, or 
are eligible to receive, an appearance fee, wage, salary 
or prize money in excess of $1,000. Participation 
includes training for, coaching or otherwise competing 
in that sporting event; 
8. dental Treatment caused by or related to the 
deterioration and/or decay of teeth or associated 
tissue; 
9. dentures, crowns and orthodontics; 
10. routine medical or dental Treatment or prenatal visits; 
11. Treatment or prescription medication (including 
medication and ongoing immunisations) started prior 
to Your Overseas Return Trip; 
12. Treatment performed by Close Relatives, except in a 
life-threatening emergency;

31 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
13. You remaining overseas after Chubb Assistance 
confirms, based on medical evidence from the 
treating Doctor, that You are fit to travel and can 
return to Australia; 
14. any expenses incurred in relation to Treatment that 
can reasonably be delayed until You return to 
Australia; 
15. an Overseas Return Trip involving pre-planned 
Treatment, or for the purpose of obtaining 
Treatment, and Treatment for cosmetic reasons. 
Unless Chubb Assistance’s medical officer agrees 
that such Treatment is necessary as a result of any 
covered accident; 
16. You engaging in Manual Work; 
17. diagnostic or routine screening tests, unless 
recommended by a Doctor as part of Your 
emergency medical Treatment; 
18. any costs incurred in a destination where an 
Australian State, Territory, or the Australian Federal 
Government or an Australian government agency 
(such as DFAT) have issued or upgraded a travel 
advisory warning, advising You to ‘Do Not Travel’ or 
that borders are closed, for the destination You 
planned to travel to and this occurred prior to You 
starting Your Trip. This exclusion applies even if You 
have been granted a travel exemption by an 
Australian State or Territory, the Australian Federal 
Government or an Australian government agency 
(such as DFAT) to travel. 
Excess applicable to Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

32 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section B – Trip Cancellation and 
Amendment Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
Specific Definitions under Trip Cancellation and 
Amendment Cover 
Cancellation means You do not start Your Trip at all. 
‘Cancel’ and ‘Cancelled’ have the same meaning as 
Cancellation. 
Curtailment means You have started Your Trip and You 
have had to return to Your Home in Australia. ‘Curtail’ 
and ‘Curtailed’ have the same meaning as Curtailment. 
Trip Change means where You have started Your Trip 
and You must make changes to Your planned Trip, but 
do not have to return Home any earlier than intended. 
What We Cover 
If You have a necessary and unavoidable Cancellation, 
Curtailment or Trip Change due to one of the following 
unforeseen specified Events: 
1. You or Your Travelling Companion, as confirmed in 
writing by a treating Doctor, being unfit to begin or 
continue Your Trip due to an Injury, suffering an 
unforeseen Illness or dying; 
2. Your Close Relative, or a Close Relative of a Travelling 
Companion, where the Close Relative: 
i. is a Resident of Australia; 
having an Injury, suffering an unforeseen Illness (as 
confirmed in writing by a treating Doctor) or their 
death (as confirmed by a death certificate); 
3. Your redundancy which qualifies for redundancy 
payments under current legislation; 
4. You being in the Australian armed services (military, 
naval or air service) or emergency services (police, 
fire, ambulance) and Your leave is revoked; 
5. You being called for jury service or being subpoenaed 
as a witness other than in a professional or advisory 
capacity; 
6. a Special Event You were attending has been 
cancelled or postponed; 
7. You have to sit unexpected exams in regards to 
studies You are undertaking; 
8. Your passport, travel tickets or visas are lost or stolen; 
9. Your paid transport has been cancelled by your 
transport provider as a result of: 
i. riot, strike, civil commotion; 
ii. adverse weather (including a Natural Disaster); 
iii. mechanical breakdown of the transport You 
planned to travel on; 
provided that there had been no published official 
warning, prior to Your Relevant Travel Purchase, that 
any such Event had occurred or was likely to occur; 
10. there is a Natural Disaster, or a Natural Disaster has 
recently happened or is reasonably expected to 
happen at Your Trip destination, provided that there 
had been no published official warning, prior to Your 
Relevant Travel Purchase, that any such Event had 
occurred or was likely to occur; 
11. there is a Natural Disaster or the imminent risk of one 
at Your Home in Australia which requires You to 
Cancel or Curtail Your Trip, provided the Australian 
Government (State, Territory or Federal Government) 
or an Australian government agency (such as the 
National Emergency Management Agency or statebased equivalent) issues an official warning of the 
Natural Disaster or the imminent risk of one; 
12. as a result of a Natural Disaster, the Australian 
Government (State, Territory or Federal Government) 
or an Australian government agency (such as the 
Department of Trade and Foreign Affairs (DFAT)) 
issues or upgrades a travel advisory warning that 
advises ‘Do Not Travel’ to the destination You planned 
to travel to, or that destination’s borders are closed, 
and the warning was published or the borders closed 
after You: 
i. made Your Relevant Travel Purchase, in the case of 
a claim for Cancellation; or 
ii. start Your Trip in the case of a claim for a 
Curtailment or Trip Change;

33 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
We will pay up to the maximum relevant cover section 
limit inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits for: 
a. the non-refundable and unused: 
i. deposits that You have paid in advance; 
ii. excursion costs that You have paid in advance; 
iii. travel and accommodation costs that You have 
paid in advance; 
b. the non-refundable travel agents’ commission; 
c. any other reasonable additional travel or 
accommodation (room only) expenses for a Trip 
Change or Curtailment. 
However, where You have incurred both additional 
travel and accommodation expenses as well as forfeited 
expenses, only the greater of each expense is payable 
under this Policy. 
For example, if You forfeited pre-paid accommodation 
for a particular night, but also incur additional 
accommodation expenses for the same night, only the 
highest amount will be payable. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Trip 
Cancellation and Amendment Cover 
1. Claims for Injury or Illness will require confirmation in 
writing by a treating Doctor confirming You or Your 
Travelling Companion are unfit to begin or continue 
Your Trip as a result of Injury or Illness. If a written 
confirmation is not provided, You must provide 
evidence that You have taken reasonable steps to 
obtain the written confirmation, such as emails, call 
logs or other reasonable evidence. 
2. Claims for death will require death certificate 
confirming death. If a death certificate is not 
provided, You must provide evidence that You have 
taken reasonable steps to obtain the death 
certificate, such as emails, call logs or other 
reasonable evidence. 
3. You must report theft of passport, travel tickets or 
visas to the: 
i. local police; and 
ii. appropriate issuing authority; 
and a written report obtained where reasonably 
possible. If a written report is not provided, You must 
provide evidence that You have taken reasonable 
steps to report the theft including details of the time 
and place You made the report, and the name and 
contact details of who You reported the theft or 
criminal damage to (to the extent such details are 
within Your power to provide). 
4. You must report loss of passport, travel tickets or 
visas to the: 
i. appropriate issuing authority; 
and a written report obtained where reasonably 
possible. If a written report is not provided, You must 
provide evidence that You have taken reasonable 
steps to report the loss including details of the time 
and place You made the report, and the name and 
contact details of who You reported the loss to (to the 
extent such details are within Your power to provide). 
5. Where the purchase of an airplane, ship, bus or train 
ticket (or part thereof) was done so using membership 
rewards points or similar points and the loss of such 
points cannot be recovered from any other source, 
We will calculate the loss by using the retail price 
associated with the travel provider of the issued ticket 
at the time the ticket was purchased. 
6. You must take reasonable steps to recover any 
refund, credit note or voucher You are entitled to. 
Where You have received or been offered a refund, 
credit note or voucher for the cost of a booking, 
whether partially or in full, the amount offered or 
received is to be considered refundable. You are only 
eligible for cover under this cover section for non- 
refundable and unused costs. 
Exclusions applicable to Trip Cancellation 
and Amendment Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. You or any other person having a change of mind and 
deciding not to start a Trip, continue with the Trip or 
any other disinclination to travel; 
2. Pre-Existing Medical Conditions (whether Yours, Your 
Travelling Companion’s or a Close Relative’s) except 
when You make a Cancellation, Curtailment or Trip 
Change due to the death of a Travelling Companion or 
Close Relative and provided the death was not as a 
result of a Terminal Illness; 
3. Close Relatives who are not Resident(s) of Australia; 
4. any costs where a refund, credit-note or voucher has 
been received or offered for the cost of the booking; 
5. additional costs incurred due to Your failure to notify 
the carrier or travel agent as soon as reasonably 
possible that Your Trip is to be Cancelled or Curtailed;

34 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
6. any government regulation, conditions, prohibition or 
restriction, including but not limited to: 
i. Your failure to hold or obtain a valid passport, 
visa, or other required documentation prior to 
commencing Your Trip; 
ii. mandatory quarantine except where You have a 
valid Trip Change or Curtailment claim under 
specified Event 1 of Section B and incur 
reasonable additional travel or accommodation 
expenses resulting from the quarantine; 
iii. border closures and/or government travel 
advisories, except where You have a necessary 
and unavoidable Cancellation, Curtailment or Trip 
Change due to specified Event 12 of Section B; 
7. where You do not meet the vaccination protocols 
required by a transport provider or an Australian 
State, Territory or the Australian Federal 
Government or the government of any destination 
You had planned to travel to, before they allow You 
to board the Public Transport; 
8. Your failure to check-in at the required time for any 
flight, sea crossing, train or bus journey which is 
within Your control; 
9. Cancellation caused by Your work commitments, or 
amendment of Your entitlement by Your employer, 
unless You are a member of the Australian armed 
services (military, naval or air service) or emergency 
services (police, fire, ambulance) and the expense or 
cost was incurred as a result of Your leave being 
revoked; 
10. travel or accommodation costs for anyone that is 
not a Covered Person; 
11. costs incurred in respect of any medical condition 
where You are unable to supply a medical certificate 
from Your treating Doctor confirming Cancellation, 
Curtailment or Trip Change was necessary and 
unavoidable. If a written confirmation is not 
provided, You must provide evidence that You have 
taken reasonable steps to obtain the written 
confirmation, such as emails, call logs or other 
reasonable evidence; 
12. Your financial circumstances or any contractual or 
business obligation; 
13. the failure of Your travel agent to pass on monies to 
operators or to deliver promised services; 
14. a Cancellation due to a lack in the number of persons 
required to commence any tour, conference, 
accommodation or travel arrangements or due to 
the negligence (such as failed booking) of a 
wholesaler or operator; 
15. the refusal, failure or inability of any person, company 
or organisation, including but not limited to a travel 
agent, tour operator, accommodation provider, airline 
or other carrier, vehicle rental agency or any other 
travel or tourism services provider to provide services 
or accommodation due to their Insolvency or the 
Insolvency of any person, company or organisation 
they deal with; 
16. additional transportation or accommodation (room 
only) expenses which are payable under another 
section or benefit of this Policy; 
17. any circumstances that were foreseeable, avoidable, 
unnecessary or within Your control: 
i. at the time You made Your Relevant Travel 
Purchase in the case of Cancellation, or 
ii. before You start Your Trip in the case of 
Curtailment or Trip Change. 
Excess applicable to Trip Cancellation and 
Amendment Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

35 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section C – Accidental Death Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
1. Accidental Death due to Injury 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, You suffer an Injury 
that results in Your Accidental Death within twelve (12) 
months of the date of the Injury, We will pay Your 
estate the applicable benefit amount up to the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of sublimits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
If You are eligible for the higher Accidental Death 
benefit under Section D - Public Transport Accident 
Cover, the above benefit cannot also be claimed. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Accidental Death Cover 
1. Benefits will be paid in Australian dollars to Your 
estate. 
2. Claims for Accidental Death will require death 
certificate confirming cause of death. 
3. If You are also entitled to make a claim from Us 
under a separate insurance policy under another 
Macquarie Bank card, We will only make 1 payment 
in relation to the accident and loss in question. In 
that instance, We will pay the highest benefit 
amount applicable. 
Exclusions applicable to Accidental Death 
Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. Your death if it occurs within Australia; 
2. the Accidental Death of a person that is not a Covered 
Person; 
3. death caused by Illness, a Pre-Existing Medical 
Condition or natural causes; 
4. costs where a claim has been paid under any other 
section of this Policy for the same Event. 
Excess applicable to Accidental Death 
Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

36 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section D – Public Transport Accident 
Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
1. Accidental Death or Permanent Disablement arising 
while travelling as a passenger on Public Transport 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, You sustain an 
Injury that results in Your Accidental Death or 
Permanent Disablement as described within the 
Schedule of Benefits as a result of: 
• travelling as a passenger on Public Transport, or 
• boarding or disembarking from Public Transport, 
We will pay the corresponding benefit amount noted in 
the Schedule of Benefits. 
2. Accidental Death or Permanent Disablement arising 
from exposure 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, You sustain an 
Injury due to exposure to excessive weather conditions 
that results in Your Accidental Death or Permanent 
Disablement described within the Schedule of Benefits 
due to the disappearance, sinking or wrecking of the 
Public Transport on which You were travelling on, We 
will pay the corresponding benefit amount noted in the 
Schedule of Benefits. 
3. Accidental Death arising from disappearance while 
travelling on Public Transport 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, You disappear due 
to the disappearance, sinking or wrecking of the Public 
Transport on which You were travelling, and Your body 
has not been found within 12 months, You will be 
deemed to have died at the time of Your disappearance 
and We will pay the corresponding Accidental Death 
benefit amount noted in the Schedule of Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Public Transport Accident Cover 
1. Benefits will be paid in Australian dollars to You, and 
in the case of Your Accidental Death, to Your estate. 
2. We will only pay one benefit type (i-vii in the Schedule 
of Benefits) for each Event, even if multiple benefit 
types apply. If multiple benefit types apply, We will pay 
the benefit type with the highest benefit amount. 
3. Claims for Permanent Disablement will require 
confirmation in writing by a treating Doctor as soon as 
reasonably possible. Medical certificates must be 
provided at Your own cost. 
4. Claims for Accidental Death will require death 
certificate confirming cause of death. In the case of 
disappearance on Public Transport, a Covered Person 
or Your legal representative must provide reasonable 
evidence that the Covered Person’s body was not 
found within 12 months of the date of disappearance. 
5. If You are also entitled to make a claim under the 
insurance cover provided by Us under another 
Macquarie Bank issued card account, We will only 
make one (1) payment in relation to the accident and 
loss in question. In that instance, We will pay the Event 
with the highest benefit. 
Exclusions applicable to Public Transport 
Accident Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
all Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. travelling on privately hired, rented or chartered 
transport; 
2. Your Accidental Death or Permanent Disablement if it 
occurs within Australia; 
3. the Accidental Death or Permanent Disablement of a 
person that is not a Covered Person. 
Excess applicable to Public Transport 
Accident Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

37 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section E – Loss of Income Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
Temporary Total Disablement – Loss of Income 
Cover 
If You are employed or self-employed at the time You 
are on Your Overseas Return Trip, and during the course 
of Your Overseas Return Trip, You suffer an Injury which: 
a. was not a Pre-Existing Medical Condition; and 
b. leads to Temporary Total Disablement, as confirmed 
by Your treating Doctor; and 
c. causes the loss of Your entire regular Monthly Salary 
lasting thirty (30) days or longer 
We will pay for any one (1) Injury, Your Monthly Salary 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive 
of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Loss 
of Income Cover 
1. You must see a Doctor. The first day of Your 
Temporary Total Disablement is the date from which 
Your treating Doctor confirms You were unable to 
work. 
2. You must provide Us with the treating Doctor’s 
certificate confirming Your continuing Temporary 
Total Disablement at the end of the first thirty (30) 
days and/or as soon as reasonably possible after 
thirty (30) days and after every subsequent thirty 
(30) day period or within a reasonable time if We 
request it. Medical certificates must be provided at 
Your cost. 
3. We will pay one (1) monthly benefit on or after the 
thirty-first (31st) day and will continue to pay for 
each complete calendar month, or until You are no 
longer suffering Temporary Total Disablement as 
deemed to be medically fit by a treating Doctor or by 
Chubb Assistance’s medical officer. 
4. After the first thirty (30) days of Temporary Total 
Disablement, if Temporary Total Disablement is less 
than a complete calendar month, We will pay a 
benefit of one-thirtieth (1/30th) of the monthly 
benefit for each subsequent day of Temporary Total 
Disablement. 
5. In the event of claims for separate periods of 
Temporary Total Disablement resulting from the same 
or different conditions or causes, We will only pay a 
Temporary Total Disablement monthly benefit if You 
have been in employment or self-employed and 
engaged in Your usual employment duties for ninety 
(90) consecutive days between each period of 
Temporary Total Disablement. 
6. If two (2) periods of Temporary Total Disablement 
resulting from the same condition or cause are 
separated by less than ninety (90) days, We will treat 
this as one (1) claim. Therefore, the first thirty (30) 
days will not apply to the second period of Temporary 
Total Disablement. However, We will not pay for any 
days when You did not suffer Temporary Total 
Disablement. 
Exclusions applicable to Loss of Income 
Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. any income where Your employment ends with the 
employer. Meaning: if Your employment ends before 
the Temporary Total Disablement then this cover does 
not apply or if Your employment ends after the 
Temporary Total Disablement, We will only pay up 
until the point Your employment ended; 
2. any future income You expect or could receive as part 
of any bonus or bonus structure, salary increase, 
salary sacrifice scheme or employee benefit scheme 
(such as shares); 
3. Pre-Existing Medical Conditions. 
Excess applicable to Loss of Income Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

38 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section F – Resumption of Long 
Overseas Trip Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
1. Returning to Australia for a Close Relative 
In the event that You have to interrupt a Long 
Overseas Trip and return to Australia immediately 
following the: 
a. death; 
b. Injury; 
c. unforeseen Illness; 
of a Close Relative which was not as a result of a PreExisting Medical Condition and where the Close 
Relative is: 
a. a Resident of Australia; 
We will pay or reimburse the costs of a Scheduled 
Flight of equal class, seat or cost for You to resume 
Your Long Overseas Trip if: 
i. You resume Your Long Overseas Trip within 
thirty (30) days of returning to Australia; and 
ii. on the date You return to Australia You have 
more than fourteen (14) days remaining on 
Your Long Overseas Trip; 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit 
inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
2. Returning to Australia for a Close Relative with a 
Pre-Existing Medical Condition 
In the event that You have to interrupt a Long 
Overseas Trip and return to Australia immediately 
following the death of a Close Relative which was as a 
result of a Pre-Existing Medical Condition and where 
the Close Relative is: 
a. a Resident of Australia; 
We will pay or reimburse the costs of a Scheduled 
Flight of equal class, seat or cost for You to resume 
Your Long Overseas Trip if: 
i. You resume Your Long Overseas Trip within 
thirty (30) days of returning to Australia; and 
ii. on the date You return to Australia You have 
more than fourteen (14) days remaining on 
Your Long Overseas Trip; 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit 
inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Resumption of Long Overseas Trip 
Cover 
1. We will deduct any airline refunds or travel credits 
You receive from the amount We pay or 
reimburse. 
2. We will deduct any airfares reimbursed under 
Section B - Trip Cancellation and Amendment 
Cover. 
3. We will only pay or reimburse for airfares that are 
of equal class, seat or cost to that of the original 
booking. 
4. The resumption of Your Long Overseas Trip must 
be in the country You left to return Home or the 
country You would be in had Your return Home 
not occurred based on the original travel schedule. 
5. You must resume Your Long Overseas Trip within 
thirty (30) days of returning to Australia. 
6. On the date You return to Australia, You must 
have more than fourteen (14) days remaining on 
Your Long Overseas Trip. 
7. We will only pay if the death, imminent death, 
Injury or unforeseen Illness of a Close Relative 
occurred after You make Your Relevant Travel 
Purchase. 
Exclusions applicable to Resumption of 
Long Overseas Trip Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable 
to All Sections within this Policy.

39 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising 
from or relating to: 
1. costs from the death, Injury or unforeseen Illness 
of any Close Relative that occurred before You 
made Your Relevant Travel Purchase; 
2. any Terminal Illness of a Close Relative which was 
diagnosed before You made Your Relevant Travel 
Purchase; 
3. Close Relatives who are not Resident(s) of 
Australia; 
4. any transportation costs within Australia; 
5. airfare costs to resume Your Long Overseas Trip 
where You have made a Claim under Section B - 
Trip Cancellation and Amendment Cover; 
6. costs where there was a reasonable likelihood that 
a return Home may be necessary or a reasonable 
person under the circumstances would have 
foreseen prior to making the Relevant Travel 
Purchase or booking, arrangement or 
rearrangement the Long Overseas Trip, may lead 
Your return Home from a Long Overseas Trip; 
7. any airfares for which have not been booked and 
paid for before You started Your Long Overseas 
Trip; 
8. costs where a claim has been paid under any other 
section of this Policy for the same Event. 
Excess applicable to Resumption of 
Long Overseas Trip Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

40 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section G – Trip Delay Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
Specific Definitions under Trip Delay Cover 
Interstate Flight means travel on a Scheduled Flight 
from Tasmania to any mainland Australian State or 
Territory or from any mainland Australian State or 
Territory to another mainland State or Territory or to 
Tasmania. 
What We Cover 
1. Delayed Interstate Flight 
If during Your Domestic Return Trip, Your Interstate 
Flight is: 
i. delayed for four (4) hours or more; and 
ii. no alternative transport is made available to You; 
We will reimburse You for meals and refreshments up to 
the maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of 
sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
2. Delayed, cancelled, overbooked or missed onward 
flight 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, Your Scheduled 
Flight is: 
i. delayed or cancelled for six (6) hours or more; or 
ii. You are denied boarding of the aircraft due to 
over-booking, and no alternative flight is made 
available to You within six (6) hours of the 
scheduled departure time of such flight; or 
iii. Your onward connecting Scheduled Flight is 
missed at the transfer point due to the late arrival 
of Your incoming connecting Scheduled Flight, 
and no alternative onward flight is made available 
to You within six (6) hours of the actual arrival 
time of the incoming flight; 
We will reimburse You for additional hotel 
accommodation (room-only) up to the maximum 
relevant cover section limit inclusive of sub-limits as 
shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
3. Extended Delayed, cancelled, overbooked or missed 
onward flight 
If You have a claim under 2) Delayed, cancelled, 
overbooked or missed onward flight (above), We will also 
reimburse You for additional accommodation expenses 
(room only) for each full 24-hour period that the delay 
continues beyond the initial six (6) hour delay up to the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of 
sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
4. Delay of Personal Baggage checked-in on Scheduled 
Flight 
If during Your Trip, Your accompanying Personal Baggage, 
which is checked in on the Scheduled Flight is not 
delivered to You by the airline provider within twelve (12) 
hours of Your arrival at the scheduled destination point, 
We will reimburse You for the purchase of essential 
emergency clothing and toiletries which are required for 
use within the first twenty-four (24) hours of the Personal 
Baggage delay up to the maximum relevant cover section 
limit inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
There is no cover under this section for loss arising from 
Personal Baggage delay when checked-in on the 
Scheduled Flight that returns You Home. 
5. Extended Delay of Personal Baggage checked-in on 
Scheduled Flight 
If during Your Trip, Your accompanying Personal Baggage, 
which is checked in on the Scheduled Flight is not 
delivered to You by the airline provider upon Your arrival 
at the scheduled destination, We will reimburse You for 
the reasonable emergency purchase of essential clothing 
and toiletries for each additional twenty-four (24) hours 
after the initial twelve (12) hours baggage delay, up to the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of sublimits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
There is no cover under this section for loss arising from 
extended Personal Baggage delay when checked-in on the 
Scheduled Flight that returns You Home. 
6. Delayed arrival to a Special Event 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, Your Scheduled 
Flight is delayed due to an unforeseeable circumstance 
outside Your control and as a result You would be unable 
to arrive in time for a Special Event, which cannot be 
delayed due to Your late arrival, We will pay reasonable 
additional expenses for the cost of alternative public 
transport to arrive at the Special Event, up to the 
maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive of sublimits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits.

41 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Trip 
Delay Cover 
1. In the event of a claim, You must provide Us with 
invoices and/or receipts. 
2. Claims for lost or delayed luggage must be 
reported to the transport provider or carrier and a 
property irregularity report (such as a luggage 
incident report) obtained where reasonably 
possible. If a property irregularity report or 
incident report is not provided, You must provide 
evidence that You have taken reasonable steps to 
obtain a report, such as emails, call logs or other 
reasonable evidence. A copy of any property 
irregularity report obtained from the airline must 
be supplied to Us together with the following 
information: 
i. full details of the flight (airline, flight numbers, 
departure airport, destination, scheduled flight 
times and arrival airport); 
ii. full details of the delay or loss incurred; and 
iii. full details of expenses for which 
reimbursement is claimed. 
3. We will deduct all credits, refunds and allowances 
provided or offered to You by the transport 
provider or carrier from the amount we pay or 
reimburse. 
Exclusions applicable to Trip Delay 
Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable 
to All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising 
from or relating to: 
1. the confiscation or requisition by any customs 
agency or other government authorities; 
2. the purchase of clothing and toiletries that are not 
reasonably necessary for Your Trip; 
3. any lost or delayed Personal Baggage where a 
property irregularity report is not provided and 
where You are unable to provide evidence that 
You have taken reasonable steps to obtain one. 
Such evidence includes emails and call logs to the 
transport provider; 
4. Personal Baggage delay or extended Personal 
Baggage delay when checked-in on the Scheduled 
Flight that returns You Home; 
5. any costs that relates to any other person for 
which You have paid for that is not a Covered 
Person; 
6. where a claim has been paid under any other 
section of this Policy for the same Event. 
7. any delay or cancellation of a Scheduled Flight as a 
result of COVID-19. 
Excess applicable to Trip Delay Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

42 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section H – Personal Baggage, 
Valuables, Money and Travel 
Documents Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
If during Your Trip, Your: 
1. Personal Baggage, Valuables or Travel Documents are 
accidentally damaged or destroyed; or 
2. Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money or Travel 
Documents are accidentally lost; or 
3. Personal Baggage or Travel Documents are lost or 
stolen when they have been checked in or stowed in 
the luggage hold of an airplane, ship, bus or train, 
where You had no access to that Personal Baggage 
or Travel Documents until the end of the transport; 
or 
4. Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money or Travel 
Documents are lost or stolen when they have been 
stowed in a specially designated area (such as 
overhead compartment, luggage rack or hotel 
storage room) on an airplane, ship, bus or train 
transport or with an accommodation provider; or 
5. Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money or Travel 
Documents are stolen from Your locked 
accommodation (excluding motor vehicle 
accommodation) where the accommodation was 
reasonably able to be locked; or 
6. Personal Baggage (excluding Valuables and Money) or 
Travel Documents left Unattended are stolen from a 
motor vehicle, where: 
i. items were locked out of sight in a Secure Area; 
and 
ii. Forcible Entry has been used by an unauthorised 
person to gain entry to the vehicle; and 
iii. evidence of such Forcible Entry is available; or 
7. Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money or Travel 
Documents which are: 
i. carried by You; or 
ii. under Your observation and within three (3) metres 
of You 
are stolen; 
We will, after We deduct the Excess from Your claim, do 
one of the following: 
• pay You the reasonable costs for the item to be 
repaired if it is practical and economic for the item to 
be repaired; 
• If it is not practical and economic to repair the item, 
We will pay You the lesser of: 
i. the original purchase price of the item minus 
depreciation (wear and tear); or 
ii. the current replacement cost of the item with the 
same or nearest type (i.e. make and model) if the 
item is unavailable; 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit inclusive 
of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and 
Travel Documents Cover 
1. We will deduct the Excess from Your claim. 
2. Any payment will be based on the item’s depreciated 
value, repair cost (to the condition before the loss) or 
current replacement cost, as outlined directly above. 
3. You must take reasonable precautions for the safety 
and supervision of Your Personal Baggage, Valuables, 
Money and Travel Documents. 
4. Any claims to a Pair or Set, if You agree to surrender 
the undamaged item(s) of the Pair or Set to Us and 
We agree to accept them, We will pay You the current 
replacement cost of the entire Pair or Set. If You do 
not agree to surrender the undamaged items, We will 
only be liable for the value of that part of a Pair or Set 
which has been lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed. 
For example, if one earring is stolen We will only pay 
50% of the cost of replacement earrings. 
5. If We ask, You must send to Us any damaged or 
undamaged items and pay for postage.

43 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
6. Theft of Personal Baggage or Travel Documents 
(excluding Valuables or Money) left Unattended in a 
motor vehicle is subject to the following: 
i. items must be locked out of sight in a Secure 
Area, and 
ii. Forcible Entry must have been used by an 
unauthorised person to gain entry to the vehicle, 
and 
iii. evidence of such entry is available. 
7. To support all claims, You must supply a copy of the 
item’s purchase receipt or invoice or an alternative 
written or printed proof of the purchase price or 
value. 
8. You must report loss, theft or criminal damage 
to the: 
i. local police; or 
ii. appropriate issuing authority (in the case of 
Travel Documents), 
and a written report obtained where reasonably 
possible. If a written report is not provided, You must 
provide evidence that You have taken reasonable 
steps to report the loss, theft or criminal damage 
including details of the time and place You made the 
report, and the name and contact details of who You 
reported the loss, theft or criminal damage to (to the 
extent such details are within Your power to provide). 
9. Claims for damaged items in transit must be reported 
to the carrier, tour, transport or accommodation 
provider and a written report obtained where 
reasonably possible. If a written report is not provided, 
You must provide evidence that You have taken 
reasonable steps to obtain a report, such as emails, 
call logs or other reasonable evidence to the travel or 
accommodation provider. 
10. Benefits will not be payable under more than one 
section or benefit of this Policy as a result of one 
Event. We will, however, pay the benefit type with the 
highest benefit amount. 
 
Depreciation applicable to Personal Baggage, Valuables, Money and 
Travel Documents Cover 
We will apply depreciation (wear and tear) in 
determining the value of Your Personal Baggage 
and Valuables as specified in the Depreciation Table 
in this section. 
Depreciation considers an item’s age, damage or change 
that is caused to an item when its being used normally. 
Depreciation will be calculated from the date of 
purchase of the item until the date of the claimable 
Event, based on the original purchase price. 
For example: If You purchased a laptop for $1,000, went 
on a Trip and the laptop was stolen, We will calculate 
the number of months between the date You purchased 
Your laptop and the claimable Event date. Suppose the 
number of months is 6, We will calculate the depreciation 
as follows: 
• -Excess + purchase price – deprecation = amount 
payable 
• Number of months = 6 
• 6 multiplied by depreciation for laptop of 2.5% = 15% 
• Depreciation: $1,000 multiplied by 15% = $150 
• Amount payable for Your stolen laptop: (-$250) 
+ $1,000 - $150 = $600 
This example is provided for illustrative purposes 
only and does not take into account all Policy terms 
and conditions. 
Depreciation Table 
Items 
Percentage of the purchase price to 
be deducted for each month of age of 
the item at the time of the Event 
Maximum amount we will 
decrease the purchase price by 
Electronic equipment 2.5% 65% 
Camera (including lenses and 
accessories) 
2.5% 65% 
Sunglasses 1.5% 65% 
Smartphone 2.5% 65% 
Laptop 2.5% 65% 
Jewellery 0% 0% 
Sports equipment 2.0% 65% 
Cosmetics 2.5% 65% 
Clothing 1.9% 65% 
Other personal items 1.5% 65%

44 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Exclusions applicable to Personal 
Baggage, Valuables, Money and Travel 
Documents Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from 
or relating to: 
1. any items loaned, hired or entrusted to You; 
2. loss, theft, criminal damage where there is 
insufficient evidence that You have taken reasonable 
steps to report the incident to the local police or 
appropriate issuing authority (in the case of Travel 
Documents). Such evidence includes details of the 
time and place You made the report, and the name 
and contact details of who You reported the loss, 
theft or criminal damage to (to the extent such 
details are within Your power to provide); 
3. damaged items in transit where a written report 
from the carrier, tour, transport or accommodation 
provider is not provided and where You are unable to 
evidence that You have taken reasonable steps to 
obtain a written report from the carrier, tour, 
transport or accommodation provider. Such evidence 
includes emails and call logs to the carrier, tour, 
transport or accommodation provider or other 
reasonable evidence; 
4. theft by a Travelling Companion, Close Relative or 
any person You have given consent to visit You, stay 
or travel with You; 
5. furniture, furnishings or household appliances; 
6. electrical or mechanical breakdown of items; 
7. items left Unattended in a Public Place (unless You 
have no option other than to leave the items 
Unattended due to an emergency medical, security 
or evacuation situation); 
8. Valuables or Money left Unattended in a motor 
vehicle; 
9. Personal Baggage or Travel Documents left 
Unattended and which are stolen from a motor 
vehicle if the items have not been locked in the 
Secure Area (unless You have no option other than to 
leave the Personal Baggage or Travel Documents 
Unattended and not locked in a Secure Area due to 
an emergency medical, security or evacuation 
situation); 
10. Valuables or Money within Your Personal Baggage 
checked in or stowed in the luggage hold of an 
airplane, ship, bus or train; 
11. atmospheric or climatic conditions, wear and tear 
(damage that naturally and inevitably occurs as a 
result of normal wear or aging), vermin, insects, 
rodents or any process of cleaning, repairing, restoring 
or alteration; 
12. any business goods or specialised equipment relating 
to a trade or profession; 
13. the confiscation or destruction by order of any 
government or public authority; 
14. any items sent under the provisions of any freight 
contract, postal, courier or similar service; 
15. damage to fragile or brittle items unless caused by fire 
or resulting from an accident to an aircraft, sea vessel 
or motor vehicle; 
16. any sporting equipment, bicycles, surfboards or 
waterborne craft (including their ancillary equipment) 
of any description. This exclusion does not apply 
where such items are lost, stolen, accidentally 
damaged, or destroyed, while in the custody of a 
transport provider; 
17. any drones or their accessories or parts; 
18. any motor vehicle, motorised or propelled vehicles 
(such as scooters, electric bicycles or golf buggies) or 
their accessories or parts; 
19. shortages, errors, omissions, depreciation in value in 
respect of Money and Travel Documents; 
20. any bonds, coupons, gift cards, stamps, vouchers, 
warranties, pre-loaded or rechargeable cards including 
but not limited to phone, debit or stored value cards; 
21. loss of Money or Valuables from Your accommodation 
unless evidence is available of unauthorised entry to 
Your accommodation for example: evidence of 
Forcible Entry, key entry recording or CCTV footage; 
22. any of the following: animals or plant life, antiques and 
historical artefacts, bonds, securities or documents of 
any kind other than those within the definition of 
Money and Travel Documents, china or ceramics, 
consumable or perishable items, contact or corneal 
lenses, dentures, glass, hearing aids, keys, musical 
instruments, pictures, photos; 
23. costs where a claim has been paid under any other 
section of this Policy for the same Event; 
24. lost or stolen cryptocurrency; 
25. loss of any electronic data or software. 
Excess applicable to Personal Baggage, 
Valuables, Money and Travel Documents 
Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

45 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section I – Hijack Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
If during Your Overseas Return Trip, Your Public 
Transport is Hijacked by persons using violence or threat 
of violence and You are detained in excess of 24 hours 
as a result of the Hijack, We will pay costs for: 
a. a return economy airfare; and 
b. extra accommodation (room-only) for each twentyfour (24) hour period; 
for Your Close Relatives to travel to and stay at the 
location of the Hijacking, up to the maximum relevant 
cover section limit inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the 
Schedule of Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Hijack 
Cover 
1. Payment and cover start after the first twenty-four 
(24) hours from the time a government authority had 
been notified of the Hijacking. 
2. We will not act as Your negotiator or intermediary or 
advise You or any person in dealing with the Hijackers. 
Exclusions applicable to Hijack Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. Hijacking by a member of Your family, Close Relative 
or Travelling Companion. 
Excess applicable to Hijack Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

46 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section J – Personal Liability Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
If during Your Trip, You become unintentionally legally 
liable to pay compensation to someone (other than a 
member of Your family, a Close Relative or a Travelling 
Companion) as a result of: 
a. an Injury or death to that person; or 
b. accidental physical damage or loss to someone else’s 
tangible property; 
We will pay or reimburse costs up to the maximum 
relevant cover section limit inclusive of sub-limits as 
shown in the Schedule of Benefits for: 
a. Your legal costs; 
b. damages that are recoverable from You; 
c. costs that are incurred with Our consent (which will 
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
d. costs for legal representation at any coroner’s 
inquest or fatal accident inquiry or in a court of 
summary jurisdiction. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Personal Liability Cover 
1. You must not admit liability, negotiate, make any 
promise, payment or settlement without Our prior 
written consent (which will not be unreasonably 
withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
2. You must as soon as You receive them, send Us 
every letter, claim, writ, summons, process, notice of 
any prosecution or inquest that relates to, or may 
give rise to, liability. 
3. We may at any time make full and final settlement of 
any claim at Our cost pursuant of this Personal 
Liability Cover. If We do so, We will have no further 
liability in respect of such Event or Events except for 
the payment of costs and expenses incurred prior to 
the date of settlement. 
4. We may undertake any investigation We deem 
reasonably necessary. 
Exclusions applicable to Personal Liability 
Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. You intentionally incurring any liability; 
2. Injury to any person who is a member of Your family, a 
Close Relative or Your Travelling Companion or under 
a contract of service or apprenticeship with You; 
3. loss of or damage to any material property belonging 
to You or in Your care, custody or control or belonging 
to a member of Your family, a Close Relative or Your 
Travelling Companion or anyone under a contract of 
service or apprenticeship with You. This does not 
apply to loss of or damage to buildings and their 
contents temporarily occupied by You during a Trip; 
4. liability You incur under a contract or agreement 
which You would not have in the absence of such 
contract or agreement; 
5. any unlawful, wilful or malicious act by You and 
including any assault and/or battery committed by 
You; 
6. aggravated, exemplary or punitive damages or the 
payment of any fine or penalty; 
7. liability arising out of the transmission of a sexually 
transmittable disease or passing on an illness, virus or 
disease to another person; 
8. liability arising directly or indirectly out of the 
ownership, possession, control or use by You or on 
Your behalf of: 
i. mechanically propelled vehicles (including 
scooters), aircraft (including drones), hovercraft or 
watercraft (other than non-mechanically propelled 
watercraft less than ten (10) metres in length); 
ii. firearms; 
iii. animals (other than horses and domestic pets); 
9. injury or loss of or damage to material property arising 
directly or indirectly from: 
i. the ownership possession or occupation of land, 
immobile property or caravans other than as 
temporary accommodation in the course of a Trip; 
ii. the carrying on of any trade, business or 
profession;

47 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
10. liability arising from Excluded Sports and Activities; 
11. liability arising from the negligent supervision or 
vicarious liability of the acts of a minor; 
12. any criminal proceedings taken against You whether 
You are actually convicted or not. 
Excess applicable to Personal Liability 
Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

48 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section K – Rental Vehicle Excess 
Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Please refer to the Schedule of Benefits within this 
Policy to confirm the amount of cover available under 
this section. 
What We Cover 
If during Your Trip, You hire a Rental Vehicle and Your 
Rental Vehicle is: 
a. damaged in a motor vehicle collision; or 
b. damaged by fire; or 
c. maliciously damaged; or 
d. stolen; 
whilst in Your control or custody, We will pay or 
reimburse You the lesser of: 
i. the Rental Vehicle Deductible You would be 
required to pay as part of the Rental Agreement; 
or 
ii. the Rental Vehicle damage; 
that You become liable to pay under the Rental 
Agreement, up to the maximum relevant cover section 
limit inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Rental Vehicle Excess Cover 
1. You must be the nominated driver or specified driver 
under the Rental Agreement. 
2. You must have a valid international driving licence or 
a driver’s licence that permits You to legally drive the 
Rental Vehicle. 
3. You have paid for insurance for loss or damage to the 
Rental Vehicle for the duration of the rental period 
that is within Your Trip. 
4. Cover will take effect from the time You take legal 
control of the Rental Vehicle and will cease at the 
time the Rental Company assumes control of the 
Rental Vehicle whether at its business location or 
elsewhere. 
5. Claims will not be paid in respect of expenses to the 
extent that they are assumed, waived or paid by the 
Rental Company or its insurers. 
6. In the event You have a claim, You must provide a 
copy of: 
i. Your Rental Agreement; 
ii. any incident report that was completed. 
7. Losses will not be paid in respect of any property or 
expenses insured under another policy or any claim, 
which should be recoverable under any other 
insurance. 
Exclusions applicable to Rental Vehicle 
Excess Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. damage or liability not covered under the insurance 
for loss or damage to the Rental Vehicle; 
2. damages or injuries to a third-party vehicle or person; 
3. the rental of trucks, buses (except for mini buses hired 
for recreational purposes), trailers, caravans, 
campervans, motorcycles, mopeds, motorbikes, motor 
homes, scooters or bicycles; 
4. use of the Rental Vehicle in, or in training for, racing 
competitions, trials, rallies or speed testing; 
5. loss or damage arising from operating the Rental 
Vehicle in violation of the terms of the Rental 
Agreement; 
6. where You are not a nominated driver or specified 
driver under the Rental Agreement; 
7. where You do not have an appropriate and a valid 
driving licence giving You legal rights to drive; 
8. anyone who is not a Covered Person; 
9. damage sustained whilst driving on an un-sealed or 
private road (except private roads associated with a 
Public Place, such as shopping centres car parks, 
hotels and entertainment venues); 
10. any administration costs, petrol, loss of use penalties 
or fines;

49 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
11. atmospheric or climatic conditions, wear and tear 
(damage that naturally and inevitably occurs as a 
result of normal wear or aging), vermin, insects, 
rodents or any process of cleaning, repairing, 
restoring or alteration; 
12. any damage that results in You filling the vehicle with 
inappropriate petrol or diesel that is not specified by 
the manufacturer; 
13. any pre-existing damage. 
Excess applicable to Rental Vehicle 
Excess Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

50 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section L – Card Purchase Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
What We Cover 
Theft or damage of an Eligible Item 
If Your Eligible Item is stolen or accidentally damaged 
within ninety (90) days of purchase, We will: 
• pay You the reasonable costs for the Eligible Item 
to be repaired if it is practical and economic for 
the Eligible Item to be repaired after a deduction 
has been made for depreciation (which includes 
wear and tear); 
• If it is not practical and economic for You to have 
the Eligible Item repaired, We will reimburse You 
with the replacement amount not exceeding the 
original purchase price of the Eligible Item; 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit 
inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Card Purchase Cover 
1. Any claims to a Pair or Set, if You agree to 
surrender the undamaged item(s) or remaining 
items of the Pair or Set to Us and We agree to 
accept them, We will pay You the current 
replacement cost of the entire Pair or Set. If You 
do not agree to surrender the undamaged items or 
remaining item(s), We will only be liable for the 
value of that part of a Pair or Set which has been 
stolen or damaged. For example, if one earring is 
stolen We will only pay 50% of the cost of 
replacement earrings 
2. An Eligible Item which is left Unattended in a 
Public Place and which is not subsequently 
recovered shall not constitute theft, unless You 
have no option other than to leave the Eligible 
Item Unattended due to an emergency medical, 
security or evacuation situation. 
3. If You purchase the Eligible Item as a gift for 
someone else, You may request for Us to pay a 
valid claim directly to the recipient of the gift. 
4. In the event of a claim You must provide Us with 
copies of invoices and/or receipts relating to the 
Eligible Item purchase and, upon request, You 
must also provide Us with the damaged Eligible 
Item or receipt as proof of mailing/shipping. 
5. Claims for theft or criminal damage must be 
reported to the local police and a written report 
obtained where reasonably possible. If a written 
report is not provided, You must provide evidence 
that You have taken reasonable steps to report 
the theft or criminal damage including details of 
the time and place You made the report, and the 
name and contact details of who You reported the 
theft or criminal damage to (to the extent such 
details are within Your power to provide). 
Exclusions applicable to Card Purchase 
Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable 
to All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising 
from or relating to: 
1. damage to an Eligible Item wilfully damaged by 
You; 
2. claims for theft or criminal damage where there is 
insufficient evidence that You have taken 
reasonable steps to report the incident to the local 
police. Such evidence includes details of the time 
and place You made the report, and the name and 
contact details of who You reported the theft or 
criminal damage to (to the extent such details are 
within Your power to provide); 
3. costs where a claim has been paid under any other 
section under this Policy for the same Event; 
4. theft or damage to an Eligible Item received as a 
gift; 
5. items purchased in a business name or business 
owned or business related; 
6. accidental damage to or theft of an Eligible Item 
which is left Unattended in a Public Place, unless 
You have no option other than to leave the Eligible 
Items Unattended due to an emergency medical, 
security or evacuation situation; 
7. damage resulting from normal wear and tear 
(damage that naturally and inevitably occurs as a 
result of normal wear or aging) to an Eligible Item; 
8. damage to an Eligible Item caused by product 
defects;

51 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
9. theft of or accidental damage to an Eligible Item 
left Unattended in a motor vehicle, except when: 
i. the Eligible Item is locked out of sight in a 
Secure Area and Forcible Entry has been used 
by an unauthorised person to gain entry to the 
vehicle, and evidence of such Forcible Entry is 
available; or 
ii. You have no option other than to leave the 
Eligible Item Unattended due to an emergency 
medical, security or evacuation situation; 
10. theft of or damage to jewellery, watches, precious 
metals and gemstones in baggage unless carried 
by hand and under Your personal supervision or 
under the supervision of a traveling companion 
previously known to You; 
11. theft of or damage to: 
i. animals, living plants, perishable goods 
(including but not limited to food, drugs, fuel or 
oil); 
ii. software, operating systems or firmware; 
iii. cash, its equivalents, traveller’s cheques, tickets 
or negotiable instruments; 
iv. a boat, automobiles, motorboats, airplanes or 
any other motorised vehicles and their integral 
parts and installed accessories; 
v. second-hand items, including antiques; 
vi. real estate or immovable fixtures or fittings 
(including but not limited to integrated stove 
tops, integrated ovens, and fixed air 
conditioners) which are/or are intended to 
form part of any residential home. 
Excess applicable to Card Purchase 
Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits

52 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Section M – Buyer’s Advantage Cover 
This benefit is only available when You meet the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Eligibility for Insurance 
Table. 
Specific Definitions under Buyer’s Advantage 
Cover 
Original Warranty means a manufacturer’s written 
warranty that does not exceed five (5) years and is 
applicable within Australia to the Eligible Item. 
What We Cover 
If You purchase an Eligible Item from a retailer, You will 
receive cover for the breakdown or defect of Eligible 
Item purchased, provided that such breakdown or 
defect would have been covered by the Original 
Warranty and occurs between the date that the Original 
Warranty expired and the end of the buyer’s advantage 
period (see table below). 
Buyer’s advantage commences on expiry of the Original 
Warranty. 
Where the Original 
Warranty period is: 
The buyer’s advantage 
period is: 
1 month 1 month commencing at the 
end of the Original Warranty 
period 
6 months 6 months commencing at the 
end of the Original Warranty 
period 
1-5 years 1 Year commencing at the end 
of the Original Warranty 
period 
5+ years No Cover 
We will, after We first deduct the applicable Excess 
from Your claim, do one of the following: 
• pay You the reasonable costs to repair or rebuild the 
Eligible Item if it is practical and economic for the 
item to be repaired; 
• if it is not practical and economic for You to have 
the Eligible Item repaired or rebuilt, We will pay You 
the lesser of the original purchase price or the 
replacement cost of the Eligible Item; 
up to the maximum relevant cover section limit 
inclusive of sub-limits as shown in the Schedule of 
Benefits. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to 
Buyer’s Advantage Cover 
1. You will need to provide a copy of the Original 
Warranty, the sales receipt and account statement 
showing the purchases as You need these in order to 
make a claim. 
2. Claims to a Pair or Set, if You agree to surrender the 
undamaged item(s) of the Pair or Set to Us and We 
agree to accept them, We will pay You the current 
replacement cost of the entire Pair or Set. If You do 
not agree to surrender the undamaged items, We will 
only be liable for the value of that part of a Pair or Set 
which has been damaged or destroyed. For example, if 
one earring is damaged We will only pay 50% of the 
cost of replacement earrings. This example is provided 
for illustrative purposes only and does not take into 
account all the Policy terms and conditions. 
Exclusions applicable to Buyer’s 
Advantage Cover 
Please also refer to the General Exclusions applicable to 
All Sections within this Policy. 
We will not pay for or reimburse any costs arising from or 
relating to: 
1. any damage caused by a failure to take reasonable 
care in the circumstances to protect and maintain the 
Eligible Item against damage or to take reasonable 
care to mitigate any damage to the property; 
2. any costs other than for parts and or labour costs 
resulting from a covered breakdown or defect; 
3. any obligations, costs or losses beyond those set out 
in the Original Warranty; 
4. any payments, costs, expenses or claims for bodily 
injury, property damage, consequential loss of 
damage, loss of profit, punitive damages or legal costs 
5. any costs for: 
i. an Eligible Item purchased in a business name or 
business owned or business related; 
ii. a boat, automobiles, motorboats, airplanes or any 
other motorised vehicles and their integral parts 
and installed accessories; 
iii. second-hand items, including antiques; 
iv. real estate or immovable fixtures or fittings 
(including but not limited to integrated stove tops, 
integrated ovens, and fixed air conditioners) which 
are/or intended to form part of any residential 
home;

53 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
6. in respect to a Pair or Set of items, if You choose not 
to surrender the undamaged item(s) that form part 
of the Pair or Set, We will only pay for the value of 
the item(s) which had the breakdown or defect. 
Excess applicable to Buyer’s Advantage 
Cover 
As noted in the Schedule of Benefits.

54 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
General Exclusions Applicable to All 
Sections 
We will not cover losses, pay or reimburse any costs, 
under any section of this Policy which are recoverable 
from any other source, or arising from: 
1. circumstances when after You made Your Relevant 
Travel Purchase, You start a Trip against the 
following advice: 
i. when an Australian State or Territory or the 
Australian Federal Government or an Australian 
government agency (such as DFAT) have issued a 
travel advisory warning, advising You to ‘Do Not 
Travel’ or that borders are closed, for the 
destination You planned to travel to. Please refer 
to who.int, smartraveller.gov.au, dfat.gov.au or 
other government sites for further information. 
This exclusion applies even if You have been 
granted a travel exemption by an Australian State 
or Territory, the Australian Federal Government 
or an Australian government agency (such as 
DFAT) to travel; 
ii. when a Doctor has deemed You unfit to travel; 
2. You or any other person having a change of mind 
and deciding not to start a Trip, continue with the 
Trip or any other disinclination to travel; 
3. any Pre-existing Medical Conditions (except under 
Section F - Resumption of Long Overseas Trip Cover, 
2 - Returning to Australia for a Close Relative with a 
Pre-Existing Medical Condition); 
4. You, a Travelling Companion or Close Relative’s 
Terminal Illness which was diagnosed before You 
made Your Relevant Travel Purchase; 
5. where You: 
i. have not started and ended Your Trip in Australia; 
and/or 
ii. are not a Resident of Australia; 
6. any Trip undertaken by a Spouse or Dependent Child 
who is not travelling with the Card Member on the 
Trip; 
7. any costs arising directly from You being unfit to 
travel if You knew, or a reasonable person in Your 
circumstances would have known, that You were 
unfit to travel whether or not You had sought 
medical advice; 
8. a Domestic Return Trip where You do not stay at the 
destination for at least one (1) night and/or that is 
within a 150-kilometre radius from Your Home; 
9. any One-Way Trip where You are unable to provide 
reasonable evidence of Your intention to return to 
Your Home or Your Work. Such evidence may include 
providing copies of a return ticket, itinerary or 
schedule, return transfer or accommodation bookings, 
confirmation of return-to-Work dates; 
10. being under the influence of alcohol, whilst operating a 
motor vehicle, where You have a recorded blood 
alcohol concentration (BAC) greater than the limit 
prescribed by the applicable governing authority or at 
all other times having recorded a blood alcohol 
concentration (BAC) greater than 0.10%; 
11. taking of any drug, medication, narcotic or 
hallucinogen, unless as prescribed by a Doctor and 
taken in accordance with the prescription and doctors’ 
advice but is not for the Treatment of addiction to 
illegal drugs; 
12. the consumption of alcohol in combination with any 
drug or medication; 
13. Your intentionally self-inflicted injury, suicide, self- 
destruction or any attempt thereof; 
14. Your participation, involvement or taking part in 
Excluded Sports and Activities while on a Trip; 
15. any unlawful, reckless misconduct or wilful or 
malicious act committed by You; 
16. participation in a sporting event where any participant 
receives, or is eligible to receive, an appearance fee, 
wage, salary or prize money in excess of $1,000. 
Participation includes training for, coaching or 
otherwise competing in that sporting event; 
17. travel into hazardous work sites (e.g. underwater, 
mines, construction sites, oilrigs, etc.); 
18. any costs with respect to Cuba; 
19. declared or undeclared War or any act thereof. War 
means armed conflict between nations, states, or 
parties, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities, civil 
war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, sedition or any 
military or usurped power whether war is declared or 
not. Civil war includes armed opposition between two 
or more parties belonging to the same country where 
the opposing parties are different ethnic, religious, or 
idealistic groups;

55 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
20. service in the armed forces (military, naval or air 
service of any country) except Australia where cover 
applies for Cancellation, Curtailment or Trip Change 
under Section B – Trip Cancellation and Amendment 
Cover (specified Event number 4); 
21. participation in any military or emergency services 
such as, police or fire-fighting; 
22. activities undertaken as an operator or crew 
member of any transport provider; 
23. flying in military aircraft or any aircraft which 
requires special permits or waivers; 
24. air travel for a business purpose on a Non-Scheduled 
Flight; 
25. commission of or attempt to commit an illegal act by 
or on behalf of You or Your beneficiaries. This 
exclusion does not apply to any Covered Person who 
is not the perpetrator of any such illegal act, or who 
did not know of or condone any such act; 
26. direct or indirect, actual, alleged or threatened 
discharge, dispersal, seepage, migration, escape, 
release of or exposure to any hazardous biological, 
chemical, nuclear or radioactive material, gas, matter 
or contamination; 
27. the refusal, failure or inability of any person, 
company or organisation, including but not limited to 
a travel agent, tour operator, accommodation 
provider, airline or other carrier, vehicle rental 
agency or any other travel or tourism services 
provider to provide services or accommodation due 
to their Insolvency or the Insolvency of any person, 
company or organisation they deal with; 
28. an act of Terrorism except for when such Event 
occurs under the following cover in Sections A - 
Overseas Medical Emergency Expenses Cover or 
Section I - Hijack Cover of this Policy; 
29. any loss of enjoyment or any financial loss not 
specifically covered within this Policy; 
30. any loss which is recoverable by compensation under 
any other workers compensation act, transport 
accident laws or any other similar legislation or by 
Government sponsored fund, plan, medical benefit 
scheme required to be affected by or under a law; 
31. an epidemic, pandemic or outbreak of an infectious 
disease or virus or any derivative or mutation of such 
viruses (or arising directly or indirectly from these) or 
the threat, or perceived threat, of any of these. 
However this exclusion does not apply to COVID-19; 
32. any costs in relation to You being required to be 
quarantined, except where You have a valid Trip 
Change or Curtailment claim under specified Event 1 
of Section B and incur reasonable additional travel or 
accommodation expenses resulting from the 
quarantine; 
33. You are riding a motorcycle/scooter: 
i. without wearing a helmet (either as the driver or a 
passenger); 
ii. as the driver without being licensed in both 
Australia and the country of travel to drive such a 
motorcycle/scooter; or 
iii. whilst You are racing or participating in a 
professional capacity or motocross; 
34. pregnancy in the following circumstances: 
i. any past medical condition(s) relating to a previous 
pregnancy or if You have experienced pregnancy 
complications prior to You making Your Relevant 
Travel Purchase; 
ii. for any costs under Section B – Trip Cancellation 
and Amendment Cover and Section A - Overseas 
Medical Emergency Expenses Cover within eight (8) 
weeks of Your estimated date of delivery, which is 
calculated from the last known date of Your 
menstrual period or calculated from staging 
ultrasound and is not otherwise excluded within 
this Policy; 
iii. for any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from childbirth 
or the health of a newborn child. This exclusion 
applies irrespective of the stage of pregnancy at 
which the child is born. Meaning a newborn 
(whether premature or otherwise) is not 
considered a Covered Person under the Policy if 
the child was born on the Trip; 
iv. for any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from or relating 
to an abortion, unless this is to save life of the 
mother following an Injury or Illness; 
v. for any costs under Section A - Overseas Medical 
Emergency Expenses Cover arising from fertility 
Treatment or Treatment associated with an 
assisted reproduction program including but not 
limited to, in vitro fertilisation (IVF).

56 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
How do I make a claim? 
Overseas emergency – Call Chubb Assistance on 
+61 2 8907 5666. 
Non-emergency – Making a claim is quick and easy: in 
4 steps You can submit Your claim online by visiting 
the Chubb Claims Centre www.chubbclaims.com.au 
What will I need to submit a claim online? 
You (or Your representative) will need to provide: 
1. The Policy number as shown in this Policy, which 
enables Us to verify the Policy details. If You 
cannot locate Your Policy number, please call 1300 
791 804. 
2. Your email address. 
3. Your contact information, which allows Us to give 
You real-time updates on Your claim status or 
contact You for additional information. 
4. Supporting documents. The documents reasonably 
required vary based on claim type, but may include 
any relevant: 
− medical or doctors’ reports; 
− receipts or other proof of expenses; 
− proof of earnings that are being claimed; 
− reports that have been obtained from the 
police, accommodation provider or transport 
provider (including an airline) about the loss, 
theft or damage; 
− product warranties or bank statements; 
− photographs or quotes. Please attach these to 
Your online submission to expedite assessment; 
− additional evidence that We may reasonably 
request to enable Us to assess Your claim; and 
− Intended payee information, which allows Us to 
quickly make approved payments. 
Costs incurred by You in getting any documents for 
Us to assess Your claim are payable by You. 
What should I do before I submit a claim? 
1. Take reasonable steps to mitigate any further 
losses or unreasonable and unnecessary expenses, 
including notifying Chubb Assistance as soon as 
practically possible, if You are admitted to hospital 
or You anticipate medical or additional 
accommodation or travel expenses; 
2. Claims for loss, theft or criminal damage must, 
unless not reasonably possible, be reported to the 
local police and a written report obtained of the 
incident occurring. If it is not reasonably practical 
to obtain a written report, You must provide 
reasonable evidence in support of why a report 
cannot be obtained, such as emails, call logs to the 
local police demonstrating Your attempt to obtain 
the report. 
When should I notify Chubb of my claim? 
You should notify Us as soon as reasonably 
practicable of an Event which is likely to give rise to a 
claim under this Policy. 
Will I need to undertake a medical 
examination? 
If required and to enable Us to confirm if some of the 
benefits sections within the Policy respond or 
continue to respond to an Event, We may need to 
arrange for You to undertake a medical examination 
at Our expense when and as often as We may 
reasonably require. 
Can I claim under this Policy if I can claim for 
the same expense under another insurance 
Policy e.g. my private health insurance? 
If You submit Your claim under this Policy, You must 
inform Us if You have already made a claim under any 
other insurance policies or tell Us if You have any 
insurance policies in place which might respond to 
Your loss. As a general rule, the amount You can 
recover for Your costs under this Policy or any other 
policies cannot exceed Your costs. 
Where permissible by law, if other valid and collectible 
insurance is available to any Covered Person for loss 
also covered by this Policy, other than a policy that is 
specifically written to apply in excess of this Policy, 
the insurance afforded by this Policy shall apply in 
excess of and shall not contribute with such other 
insurance. 
Can I claim expenses that I have incurred in 
obtaining evidence to submit with my claim? 
No, expenses incurred by You in obtaining evidence 
for Us to assess Your claim cannot be claimed as an 
expense under this Policy. These expenses are payable 
by You.

57 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Can I admit liability if an Event occurs which 
may give rise to a claim? 
No, You (or Your legal representative) should not 
make any offer, promise of payment or admit any 
liability without written consent from Us. You should 
request the claim against You be put in writing. 
Do I need to help Chubb make recoveries for 
any amounts paid under the Policy? 
Yes, You may need to help Us to make recoveries of 
any amounts that We pay You under this Policy. We 
have the right to sue under any other party in Your 
name to recover money payable or paid under the 
Policy, or to choose to defend any action brought 
against You. You must provide reasonable assistance 
to Us in this regard. 
How long will it take for my claim to be 
assessed? 
Once We have all relevant information, We will decide 
Your claim and inform You of Our decision and 
reasoning within 10 business days. If We are unable to 
make a decision within that time, We will explain why. 
We will not take more than 4 months from receiving 
Your claim to make a claim decision unless there are 
special circumstances. Special circumstances that 
may delay our claim decision by up to 12 months 
include where: 
a. Your claim is fraudulent, or We reasonably suspect 
it is fraudulent; 
b. You do not respond to Us; or 
c. We have difficulty communicating with You about 
Your claim that is beyond Our control. 
If my claim is approved, how long will it take for 
me to receive payment? 
Once We have approved Your claim, if there is an 
associated payment due to You, We will issue the 
payment within five (5) business days. 
If I die, will my estate be able to claim under the 
Policy? 
Yes, if the Policy provides cover in the event of Your 
death, Your estate will be able to make a claim under 
the Policy. 
I don’t have internet access / an email address 
to submit my claim online; can I still submit a 
claim? 
Yes, however this may increase the time taken to 
assess Your claim. You can call Us on 1300 791 804 
(8:30am to 5pm Monday to Friday AEST/AEDT) to 
request a claim form to be mailed out to You which 
can then be mailed back to Us.

58 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Privacy Statement 
In this Statement “We”, “Our” and “Us” means Chubb 
Insurance Australia Limited (Chubb). 
Macquarie Bank means Macquarie Bank Limited, the 
Policy holder. 
“You” and “Your” refers to Our customers and 
prospective customers as well as those who use 
Our website. 
This Statement is a summary of Our Privacy Policy and 
provides an overview of how We collect, disclose and 
handle Your Personal Information. Our Privacy Policy 
may change from time to time and where this occurs, 
the updated Privacy Policy will be posted to Our website. 
Chubb is committed to protecting Your privacy. Chubb 
collects, uses and retains Your Personal Information in 
accordance with the requirement of the Privacy Act 
1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs), 
as amended or replaced from time-to-time. 
Why We collect Your Personal 
Information 
The primary purpose for Our collection and use of Your 
Personal Information is to enable Us to provide 
insurance services to You. 
Sometimes, We may use Your Personal Information for 
Our marketing campaigns and research, in relation to 
new products, services or information that may be of 
interest to You. 
How We obtain Your Personal 
Information 
We collect Your Personal Information (which may 
include sensitive information) at various points including, 
but not limited to, when You are applying for, changing 
or renewing an insurance policy with Us or when We are 
processing a claim. Personal Information is usually 
obtained directly from You, but sometimes via a third 
party such an insurance intermediary or Your employer 
(e.g. in the case of a group insurance policy). Please refer 
to Our Privacy Policy for further details. 
When information is provided to Us via a third party We 
use that information on the basis that You have 
consented or would reasonably expect Us to collect 
Your Personal Information in this way. We take 
reasonable steps to ensure that You have been made 
aware of how We handle Your Personal Information. 
When do We disclose Your Personal 
Information? 
We may disclose the information We collect to third 
parties, including: 
• the policyholder (where the insured person is not the 
policyholder, i.e., group policies); 
• service providers engaged by Us to carry out certain 
business activities on Our behalf (such as claims 
assessors, call centres in Australia, online marketing 
agency, etc); 
• intermediaries and service providers engaged by You 
(such as current or previous brokers, travel agencies 
and airlines); 
• government agencies (where We are required to by 
law); 
• other entities within the Chubb group of companies 
such as the regional head offices of Chubb located in 
Singapore, UK or USA (Chubb Group of Companies); 
and 
• third parties with whom We (or the Chubb Group of 
Companies) have sub-contracted to provide a specific 
service for Us, which may be located outside of 
Australia (such as in the Philippines or USA). These 
entities and their locations may change from time-to- 
time. Please contact Us, if You would like a full list of 
the countries in which these third parties are located. 
In the circumstances where We disclose Personal 
Information to the Chubb Group of Companies, third 
parties or third parties outside Australia We take steps to 
protect Personal Information against unauthorised 
disclosure, misuse or loss. 
Your decision to provide Your Personal 
Information 
In dealing with Us, You agree to Us using and disclosing 
Your Personal Information, which will be stored, used and 
disclosed by Us as set out in this Privacy Statement and 
Our Privacy Policy.

59 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Access to and correction of Your 
Personal Information 
Please contact Our customer relations team on 1800 
815 675 or email CustomerService.AUNZ@chubb.com if 
You would like: 
• a copy of Our Privacy Policy, or 
• to cease to receive marketing offers from Us or 
persons with whom We have an association. 
To request access to, update or correct Your Personal 
Information held by Chubb, please complete this 
Personal Information request form and return to: 
Email: CustomerService.AUNZ@chubb.com 
Fax: + 61 2 9335 3467 
Address: GPO Box 4907 Sydney NSW 2001 
Further information request 
If You would like more information about how We 
manage Your Personal Information, please review Our 
Privacy Policy for more details, or contact: 
Privacy Officer 
Chubb Insurance Australia Limited GPO Box 4907 
Sydney NSW 2001 
+61 2 9335 3200 
Privacy.AU@chubb.com. 
How to make a complaint 
If You are not satisfied with Our organisation, services, 
Our response to Your enquiry, or You have any concerns 
about Our treatment of Your Personal Information or You 
believe there has been a breach of Our Privacy Policy, or 
You are not satisfied with any aspect of Your relationship 
with Chubb and wish to make a complaint, please contact 
Our Complaints and Customer Resolution Service (CCR 
Service) by post, phone, fax, or email, 
(as below): 
Complaints and Customer Resolution Service 
Chubb Insurance Australia Limited 
GPO Box 4065 
Sydney NSW 2001 
P +61 2 9335 3200 
F +61 2 9335 3411 
E complaints.AU@chubb.com 
For more information, please read Our 
Complaints and Customer Resolution policy.

60 
Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Complaints and Dispute Resolution 
Process 
We understand that You could be dissatisfied with Our 
organisation, Our products and services, or the 
complaints handling process itself. We take all Our 
customer’s concerns seriously and have detailed below 
the complaints process that You can access. 
Complaints and Customer Resolution 
Service 
Contact Details 
If You are dissatisfied with any aspect of Your 
relationship with Chubb including Our products or 
services and wish to make a complaint, please contact 
Our Complaints and Customer Resolution Service (CCR 
Service) by post, phone, fax, or email, (as below): 
Complaints and Customer Resolution Service 
Chubb Insurance Australia Limited 
GPO Box 4065 
Sydney NSW 2001 
P +61 2 9335 3200 
F +61 2 9335 3411 
E complaints.AU@chubb.com 
Our CCR Service is committed to reviewing complaints 
objectively, fairly and efficiently. 
Process 
Please provide Us with Your claim or policy number (if 
applicable) and as much information as You can about 
the reason for Your complaint. 
Our response 
We will acknowledge receipt of Your complaint within 
one (1) business day of receiving it from You, or as soon 
as practicable. Following acknowledgement, we will 
provide You with the name and relevant contact details 
of the CCR Service team member who will be assigned 
to liaise with You regarding Your complaint. 
We will investigate Your complaint and keep You 
informed of the progress of Our investigation at least 
every ten (10) business days and will make a decision in 
relation to Your complaint in writing within thirty (30) 
calendar days. If We are unable to make this decision 
within this timeframe, We will provide You with a 
reason for the delay and advise of Your right to take 
Your complaint to the Australian Financial Complaints 
Authority (AFCA) as detailed below, subject to its Rules. 
If Your complaint falls outside the AFCA Rules, You can 
seek independent legal advice or access any other 
external dispute resolution options that may be available 
to You. 
To the extent allowable at law, if You request copies of 
the information We relied on to make a decision about 
Your complaint, We must provide it within ten (10) 
business days of Your request. Please see the General 
Insurance Code of Practice 2020 (codeofpractice.com.au) 
or contact Us for further details. 
Please note that if We have resolved Your complaint to 
Your satisfaction by the end of the fifth (5th) business 
day after We have received it, and You have not 
requested that We provide You a response in writing, We 
are not required to provide a written response. However, 
this exemption does not apply to complaints regarding a 
declined claim, the value of a claim, or about financial 
hardship. 
External Dispute Resolution 
If You are dissatisfied with Our complaint determination, 
or We are unable to resolve Your complaint to Your 
satisfaction within thirty (30) days, You may refer Your 
complaint to AFCA, subject to its Rules. 
AFCA is an independent external dispute resolution 
scheme approved by the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC). We are a member of this 
scheme and We agree to be bound by its 
determinations about a dispute. AFCA provides fair and 
independent financial services complaint resolution that 
is free to consumers. 
You may contact AFCA at any time at: 
Australian Financial Complaints Authority GPO Box 3 
Melbourne VIC 3001 
P 1800 931 678 (free call) 
F +61 3 9613 6399 
E info@afca.org.au W www.afca.org.au 
Time limits may apply to complain to AFCA and so You 
should act promptly or otherwise consult the AFCA 
website to find out if or when the time limit relevant to 
Your circumstances expires.

Macquarie Platinum Credit Card 
 
Macquarie Group Limited 61 
General Insurance Code of Practice 
We are a signatory to the General Insurance Code of Practice (Code). The objectives of the Code are to further raise 
standards of service and promote consumer conﬁdence in the general insurance industry. Further information about 
the Code and Your rights under it is available at codeofpractice.com.au and on request. As a signatory to the Code, 
We are bound to comply with its terms. As part of Our obligations under Parts 9 and 10 of the Code, Chubb has a 
Customers Experiencing Vulnerability & Family Violence Policy (Part 9) and a Financial Hardship Policy (Part 10). The 
Code is monitored and enforced by the Code Governance Committee. 
Sanctions 
This insurance does not apply to the extent that trade or economic sanctions or other laws or regulations prohibit us 
from providing insurance, including, but not limited to, the payment of claims. All other terms and conditions of the 
Policy remain unchanged. 
Chubb is a subsidiary of a US company and Chubb Limited, a NYSE listed company. Consequently, Chubb is subject 
to certain US laws and regulations [in addition to EU, UN and national sanctions restrictions] which may prohibit it 
from providing cover or paying claims to certain individuals or entities or insuring certain types of activities related 
to certain countries such as but not limited to Iran, Syria, North Korea, North Sudan, Crimea and Cuba.

Strictly confidential 
Macquarie Group Limited 1 
For more information, visit macquarie.com.au/contact-us