HSBC Credit Card Terms
Effective 28 February 2025

HSBC Credit Card Terms Contents
Contents
Part A: Our Credit Guide 5
Credit Guide – HSBC Bank Australia Limited 5
Part B: Credit Card Terms 8
1. What are the Product Terms? 8
2. When will this agreement begin and end? 9
Using your Credit Card Account 10
3. How can you use your credit card account? 10
4. How can your credit limit be changed? 11
5. Who can use the credit card account and how? 14
6. How do you authorise transactions? 15
7. When will we give refunds for payments you have authorised? 16
8. Can we refuse to accept a payment, authorise a transaction or suspend 16 
your right to use the account? 
9. Can you set-up, change or cancel a regular payment arrangement? 16
10. Can you make an international transaction? 17
Making payments 18
11. How much do you have to pay us? 18
12. When do you need to pay us by? 18
13. How do we apply payments? 20
14. What happens if you raise a claim or dispute against a supplier? 20
2

HSBC Credit Card Terms Contents
Our fees, charges and interest 20
15. What are our interest rates, fees and charges? 20
16. How do we work out and charge interest? 21
HSBC Credit Card Repayment Protection Insurance 27
17. Credit Card Repayment Protection Insurance 27
Changes to your agreement 28
18. Can we change your credit card? 28
19. What changes can we make? 28
20. When are you in default and what are the consequences? 29
21. When can we suspend or cancel your credit card account or not process a 30 
transaction? 
22. When will this agreement end and what are the consequences? 31
23. What you tell us by entering into this agreement 32
24. How do we communicate with each other? 32
PART C: Important Information about your Credit Card 33
25. Using and cancelling your credit card account 33
26. What must you do to keep your details safe? 36
27. Can you claim chargebacks? 36
28. How do we deal with complaints, disputed transactions and investigations? 36
3

HSBC Credit Card Terms Contents
4
PART D: National Credit Code Information Statement 37
Form 5 – Information statement 37
1. How can I get details of my proposed credit contract? 37
2. How can I get a copy of the final contract? 37
3. Can I terminate the contract? 38
4. Can I pay my credit contract out early? 38
5. How can I find out the pay out figure? 38
6. Will I pay less interest if I pay out my contract early? 39
7. Can my contract be changed by my credit card provider? 39
8. Will I be told in advance if my credit provider is going to make a change 39 
in the contract? 
9. Is there anything I can do if I think that my contract is unjust? 39
10. What do I do if I cannot make a repayment? 40
11. What if my credit provider and I cannot agree on a suitable arrangement? 40
12. Can my credit provider take action against me? 40
13. Do I have any other rights and obligations? 40

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Part A: Our Credit Guide 
Credit Guide – HSBC Bank Australia Limited
What’s this document and what does it apply to?
This credit guide belongs to HSBC Bank Australia Limited ABN 48 006 434 162 
(“we”, “our” or “us”) Australian Credit Licence 232595, and provides important 
information that applies to all our credit cards. 
If you have questions about this credit guide or our credit card products, you can 
contact us:
 GPO Box 5302 Sydney NSW 2001
 132 152
 www.hsbc.com.au
What if the credit is unsuitable?
Then by law we’re not allowed to enter into a credit contract, or increase your 
existing credit limit, if the credit is ‘unsuitable’.
When will credit be unsuitable? 
The credit contract or credit limit increase will be unsuitable if: 
• it doesn’t meet your requirements and objectives; or
• you’re likely to be unable to comply with the financial obligations; or
• you could only comply with your financial obligations with substantial financial 
hardship (for example, by selling your principal place of residence); or
• the regulations that apply to consumer credit contracts that we have to comply 
with deem the credit contract or credit limit increase to be unsuitable.
How do we assess if the credit will be unsuitable? 
We must make reasonable inquiries about your requirements and objectives in 
relation to the credit contract, and your financial situation, and take reasonable 
steps to verify your financial situation. We must make an assessment about 
whether the credit contract, or the credit limit increase, will be unsuitable for you. 
5

HSBC Credit Card Terms
What if we approve your credit?
Then you may request a free written copy of your assessment up to seven (7) 
years after the credit contract date or credit limit increase. 
When do we have to give you the written assessment? 
If you request a copy of the written 
assessment:
Then we’ll give it to you: 
Before you enter into the contract or 
the limit is increased 
Before you enter into the contract or 
we increase the limit 
Within 2 years of you entering into the 
contract or the limit is increased 
Within 7 Business Days
After 2 years of you entering into the 
contract or the limit is increased
Within 21 Business Days
When don’t we have to give you the written assessment? 
We don’t have to give you a copy of the written assessment if we decline your 
application, or we don’t proceed with lending to you or increasing your limit. 
What if you’ve got a complaint?
Please let us know and we’ll do our best to resolve your complaint efficiently, 
honestly and fairly to your satisfaction.
You can contact us: 
3 Through a branch.
3 By calling 1300 308 188 (toll free) or +61 2 9005 8181 (from overseas, you may 
be charged by the telephone provider).
3 If you are d/Deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech communication difficulty 
you can contact HSBC Australia through the National Relay Service (NRS) and 
provide 1300 308 188. More information about the NRS and their services can 
be found at https://www.accesshub.gov.au. 
 Please note, you will need to be an Australian resident and have registered 
with NRS prior to using the service. International call charges will apply if 
you are calling NRS from overseas. 
6

HSBC Credit Card Terms
3 By emailing our Customer Relations Team at customerrelationsaustralia@hsbc. 
com.au or by mail at HSBC Bank Australia Limited, GPO Box 5302, Sydney 
NSW 2001.
We aim to resolve most issues within 5 days of receiving your complaint. If 
we’re unable to resolve your complaint within 30 days or in some cases 21 days 
(depending on what the complaint is about) of receiving it, we’ll write to you and 
inform you of the reasons for the delay. Please refer to clause 55 (“Complaints 
and investigations”) of the Personal Banking Booklet for more details.
If you’re unsatisfied with our resolution or our complaints process, you may 
contact the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA). This is a free 
service established to provide you with an independent mechanism to resolve 
specific complaints. AFCA can be contacted by mail: GPO Box 3 MELBOURNE 
VIC 3001; by phone at 1800 931 678; by email at info@afca.org.au; and online at 
www.afca.org.au
7

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Part B: Credit Card Terms 
HSBC Bank Australia Limited ABN 48 006 434 162
GPO Box 5302 Sydney NSW 2001
Australian Credit Licence 232595
At HSBC we’re committed to delivering the best service outcomes to all our valued 
customers.
You must read these terms and conditions carefully. 
 
These terms and conditions apply to all HSBC credit card accounts.
1. What are the Product Terms? 
The table below lists the documents that make up the “Product Terms” and form 
part of your agreement with us for the purpose of your credit card account(s). 
Please refer to the Personal Banking Booklet for what constitutes the “agreement”. 
These Credit Card Terms do not contain all the information we are required to 
tell you. They must be read with the other documents that form the agreement. 
The agreement will apply to all transactions on your credit card account. 
Document Type of information
These Credit Card Terms Important information about operating 
your credit card account.
Offer document Your credit limit and attaches the credit 
card schedule, these Credit Card Terms 
and the Personal Banking Booklet.
Credit Card Schedule (attached to the 
offer document above)
Important precontractual information 
about the interest rate(s), fees and 
charges and other details.
 
8
Important note: You accept these credit card terms by activating your card 
or asking us to do a balance transfer. If you don’t agree with these terms, 
don’t activate your card or ask us to do a balance transfer.

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Supplemental terms apply if your credit card has additional features such as a 
special promotion or other promotion, a balance transfer, Instalment Plan or a 
reward membership program, airport lounge access program or the HSBC Instant 
Savings membership. We will provide these to you when you apply or are eligible 
to apply.
If there is any inconsistency between these Credit Card Terms and any of the 
supplemental terms, then, to the extent of the inconsistency, the supplemental 
terms prevail.
We’re also required to provide you with an important information statement. 
This is in Part D of these Credit Card Terms. Please read it carefully.
2. When will this agreement begin and end?
This agreement will start when you activate your credit card or ask us to do a 
balance transfer.
You can activate your credit card by: 
3 adding the credit card to a digital 
wallet
3 activating the credit card using our 
online or mobile banking service
3 phoning and asking us to activate 
the card
This agreement does not have a fixed end date, but you and we can end it as 
these Credit Card Terms describe.
 
 
9

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Using your Credit Card Account
3. How can you use your credit card account?
You can use your credit card to make payments and other transactions up to the 
credit limit we have given to you, or another amount if we agree, and up to any 
transaction limits you have put on your credit card account. Depending on how 
you use your card, you may be required to also use your PIN or other security 
feature. Other financial institutions and merchants may also set limits. We may 
reduce your credit limit at any time in accordance with clause 4 (“How can your 
credit limit be changed?”) of these Credit Card Terms or change your transaction 
limit at any time to protect you or us, and we’ll tell you after we do this.
You must secure your PIN and other security features. See the section “Security” 
of the Personal Banking Booklet for guidelines about keeping up security, and 
who is responsible for loss if you don’t follow the security terms.
Using your account
BPAY® To make a BPAY® Payment, you must tell us:
• the biller information; 
• the account to which the payment is to be made; 
• the amount to be paid; and
• any other information we may reasonably require to make 
the payment. 
We’ll charge the amount of the BPAY® payment to your 
account. 
You’ll need to make sure the information you give us is correct 
as we’ll make the BPAY® payment using those details.
Phone 
Banking
You can access this using the details we give you – usually 
your personal banking number (PBN) or card number and your 
access code. 
If you change any of these details, the new ones may also 
apply to other accounts or credit cards you have with us. 
10

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Using your account
Mobile 
Banking You’ll need to register to use these services. Online 
Banking
Credit Cards 
Online
We’ll give you access directly through the online banking 
service.
 
4. How can your credit limit be changed? 
You can ask us at any time to consider increasing, or to reduce your credit limit 
(including reducing it to zero). You can’t ask us to reduce your credit limit to an 
amount that is less than all you owe – see clause 11 (“How much do you have to 
pay us?”) of these Credit Card Terms for what we mean by all you owe. 
For example, if all you owe is currently $3,000 you can’t ask us to reduce your 
credit limit to be $2,000 without first repaying $1,000. 
11

HSBC Credit Card Terms
You can reduce your credit limit:
By phoning us By writing to us By taking the below 
steps using the online 
banking service
Phone us on 132 152 Write to us at: HSBC 
Credit Cards Operations, 
GPO Box 5302, Sydney 
NSW 2001. 
Step 1
Log into the online 
banking service and go 
to ‘Credit Cards Online’.
Then select ‘Manage 
your Account’, then 
‘My Cards’ followed by 
‘Decrease Credit Limit’. 
Step 2
Enter your details to 
complete the ‘Credit 
Limit Decrease Request’ 
form. 
Step 3
Review and confirm the 
details of your request 
before submitting it to 
us. 
After you submit your 
credit limit decrease 
request to us, a screen 
showing your request 
has been submitted will 
appear.
12

HSBC Credit Card Terms
You can request a temporary credit limit increase:
By asking us (a formal request) By authorising a transaction that 
will take your credit card account 
over the credit limit if we allow it 
(an informal request) 
We don’t have to agree to your request and we won’t increase your credit limit 
if we think you can’t afford the requested increase. 
If we agree to an informal request, we’ll increase your existing credit limit to 
cover the transaction.
We can reduce your credit limit: 
Acting reasonably, we may decide to reduce your credit limit or not 
provide you with any further credit because of any of the following: 
• You’re in default under another credit contract with us, or another credit 
provider.
• You’re in default under this agreement that has been unremedied for 30 
consecutive days. 
• You’re using your credit card in a way that’s reasonably likely to cause loss or 
harm to you or us.
• We need to do so to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations or a 
regulator requires us to.
• It is reasonably necessary to protect our legitimate interests.
We’ll tell you if we do this as soon as practicable after we decide to reduce your 
credit limit. Your obligations under this agreement will continue until you pay 
us all you owe in full. You must continue to pay the amounts we tell you need 
paying in each statement.
13

HSBC Credit Card Terms
5. Who can use the credit card account and how? 
You, and any person that you have authorised to be an additional card holder, can 
use the account for the following types of transactions:
Transaction Primary 
cardholder 
Additional 
cardholder
Pay for a purchase 3 3
Make a BPAY® payment 3 3
Obtain cash or make a cash related payment 
(such as buying travellers cheques or foreign 
currency, buying lottery tickets, purchasing 
money orders or transfers made at your request). 
Your credit card schedule tells you about any 
limit on the amount of cash via an ATM you can 
withdraw each day.
3 3
Make a special promotion 3 3
Make a credit balance transfer by asking us to 
send a payment from your account to reduce or 
repay an amount you owe for a credit card with 
another lender
3 7
If you allow an additional cardholder to use a credit card, you agree that each 
additional cardholder can use the credit card in the same way as you (except 
as noted in the table above). We do not have an agreement with any additional 
cardholder. You are responsible for their use of the credit card account (including 
any use that makes you not comply with this agreement) and for all transactions 
on their additional card as though they were made by you except to the extent 
the use or transaction is caused by our mistake, our fraud, our negligence or our 
wilful misconduct. For example, if an additional cardholder makes a transaction 
that takes the amount on the account over the credit limit you will be liable. 
They will also be able to access any transactional information about your credit 
card account. We recommend you provide them with a copy of these terms, 
the Personal Banking Booklet (including any updates) and Part C: Important 
Information about your Credit Card, of these Credit Card Terms. 
14

HSBC Credit Card Terms
If you want to cancel an additional card, you must tell us as soon as possible 
by calling us on 132 152 or visiting one of our branches. We recommend that 
you cut the additional card in half across the chip for additional security. You’re 
responsible for the use of that additional card up to when you tell us to cancel it 
except to the extent the use or transaction is caused by our mistake, our fraud, 
our negligence or our wilful misconduct. 
6. How do you authorise transactions? 
We’ll assume a payment is authorised by you or an additional cardholder if the 
card, card number, card security code and/or PIN, biometric data or other security 
details we’ve provided you have been used. You must tell us immediately if your 
credit card or security details have been lost, stolen or compromised – see clause 
26 (“What must you do to keep your details safe?”) of these Credit Card Terms. 
Please refer to the section “Security” of the Personal Banking Booklet for security 
guidelines and your and our liability.
You and any additional cardholder must not:
(a) use the credit card or credit card account for any illegal or business purpose 
(or allow anyone else to do so); or
(b) go over your credit limit, unless we allow you to.
15
 When working out whether a transaction you want to make is within 
your credit limit, we take account of transactions which we have already 
authorised but have not yet charged to the account. For example, if you 
have $150 left within your credit limit and we give a hotel authorisation for 
a payment of $100, we may not allow more than $50 to be spent on the 
account until the authorisation is cancelled.

HSBC Credit Card Terms
7. When will we give refunds for payments you have authorised? 
If a merchant gives you a refund for a purchase, we’ll only credit it to the account 
when we have processed the refund. Until then we will charge the relevant 
rate of interest on the purchase. If you think a merchant has refunded you with 
the incorrect amount, please contact the merchant first. If you can’t resolve 
it with the merchant, you can dispute the original transaction – see clause 55 
(“Complaints and investigations”) of the Personal Banking Booklet. 
Where the transaction was made in a foreign currency, we will apply the refunded 
amount to your account in Australian dollars by converting the refunded amount 
at the exchange rate that applies in accordance with clause 10 (“Can you make 
an international transaction?”) of these Credit Card Terms on the date we process 
the refund. 
8. Can we refuse to accept a payment, authorise a transaction or 
suspend your right to use the account?
Yes, we may. Our rights for when we can do this are covered in:
• clause 20 (“When are you in default and what are the consequences?”) and 
clause 21 (“When can we suspend or cancel your credit card account or not 
process a transaction?”) of these Credit Card Terms; and
• clause 10 (“When we will and won’t act”) and clause 16 (“Blocking payments, 
payment devices, services and accounts and temporary transaction limits”) of 
the Personal Banking Booklet. 
9. Can you set-up, change or cancel a regular payment 
arrangement?
Yes, you can give another person authorisation to automatically debit your credit 
card on a regular basis. This is known as a ‘regular payment’. Keep a record of 
the arrangement you’re paying. 
To change or cancel a regular payment, make sure you contact who you’re 
paying at least 15 Business Days before the next scheduled payment and tell 
them you want to change or cancel it. You should keep a copy of your request 
to them. Please see clause 11 (“Making payments on business days”) of the 
Personal Banking Booklet for what is a ‘Business Day’. 
16

HSBC Credit Card Terms
This will help if you need to raise a payment dispute. We will continue making the 
payment until it has been changed or cancelled by them.
Update who you’re paying with your new credit card details as and when they 
change. It’s important to do this so to ensure payments continue and you avoid 
any penalties or termination of your agreement with them – we aren’t responsible 
if any of this happens.
Clauses 18 (“Payments from your account”) and 19 (“Cancelling or changing 
payments (other than cheques)”) of the Personal Banking Booklet have important 
information on regular payments and how to cancel them.
10. Can you make an international transaction? 
You make an international transaction by: 
• using your credit card outside of Australia;
• buying online goods from an offshore seller, even if they show the price in 
Australian dollars; or
• buying goods from an Australian seller, but where their financial institution or 
payments processor is located offshore; or
• making a transaction in a currency other than Australian dollars; or
• withdrawing funds from an international ATM. 
When you make an international transaction, it will be converted to Australian 
dollars on the day that the card payment scheme processes it using their scheme 
exchange rate. You may be charged currency conversion rates by the Visa or 
Mastercard schemes. The following tools may help you estimate the total cost of 
your online purchase: 
Visa exchange rate 
calculator
https://www.visa.com.au/travel-with-visa/ 
exchange-rate-calculator.html 
Mastercard Currency 
Converter 
https://www.mastercard.us/en-us/consumers/ 
get-support/convert-currency.html
We may charge you fees and charges including an overseas transaction fee. Your 
credit card schedule lists what fees and charges we will charge you. Clause 21 
(“Foreign currencies”) of the Personal Banking Booklet applies to these Credit 
Card Terms where applicable.
17

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Making payments
11. How much do you have to pay us?
You agree to repay to us all you owe. 
 
We’ll give you a statement monthly showing all you owe, and the minimum 
payment you need to make to us for that month, unless the law or regulations say 
we don’t need to. We explain how we calculate the minimum payment due in the 
credit card schedule and this is different for each type of credit card. We’ll also 
tell you in your statement about any overdue payments and the amount you owe 
us that’s above your credit limit.
You (or your estate in the event of your death) will remain responsible to repay us 
all you owe. 
If we make subsequent changes to your account to reflect any adjustments, for 
example refunds, disputed amounts or mistaken payments, this may change 
all you owe and we may reissue a statement or reflect it in your next month’s 
statement. 
12. When do you need to pay us by?
You need to pay us each of the following at the following times: 
If your current statement says: Then you’ll need to pay this: 
Minimum payment by the payment due date 
Instalment Plan amount by the payment due date
Overdue amount immediately
An amount over your credit limit immediately
 
 
18
All you owe
This is everything you owe us including your used credit, charges, fees and 
interest and any other amount we are entitled to charge you.

HSBC Credit Card Terms
You need to make sure your payments are received by us on time. To meet 
your payment due date, you may need to make an early repayment to allow for 
processing time, for example, cheque clearance times, or slower processing on 
non-Business Days. You can find out how to make sure payments reach us on 
time by reading the back of your statement. 
If you don’t pay us on time, you’ll be in default under this agreement – see clause 
21 (“When can we suspend or cancel your credit card account or not process a 
transaction?”) of these Credit Card Terms and we’ll charge you late payment fees. 
For interest on the unpaid and overdue amounts, see clause 16 (“How do we 
work out and charge interest?”) of these Credit Card Terms for further details.
You can pay more than the minimum payment or pay additional payments at any 
time. This will reduce the amount of interest you have to pay. 
You must try not to pay more than all you owe. If you do, your account may go 
into credit balance – please see your credit card schedule. 
We may refund any credit balance on your account by transferring it to another 
account you hold with us or another financial institution, or, if your account has 
been inactive, remit the credit to the Government’s unclaimed money account to 
comply with the law. We do not pay you interest on any credit balance.
Payments must be in Australian dollars. 
19
 We won’t treat refunds, chargebacks or cash backs as part of the 
minimum payment. Only amounts you pay us will be treated as part of 
the minimum payment.

HSBC Credit Card Terms
20
13. How do we apply payments?
We apply your payment to your credit card account when we receive it. We treat 
your payment as being received when it is cleared. 
Payments are applied toward your last statement’s closing balance until it’s 
fully paid. We’ll first pay off what’s in the last statement that has the highest 
rate of interest, down to the lowest rate. We’ll then pay off what’s in the current 
statement period in that same order. 
You can request us to apply your payment in a different way and if we agree to 
this we will do so.
If you make multiple payments in the billing period, they will be treated separately 
in the order we receive them. 
14. What happens if you raise a claim or dispute against a supplier?
If you have raised a dispute directly with a merchant over a transaction, you must 
keep making payments to us while you’re resolving it. We’re not responsible for 
goods or services obtained using your credit card. 
Please see clauses 7 (“Incorrect, unauthorised and mistaken internet payments”) 
and 55 (“Complaints and investigations”) of the Personal Banking Booklet for 
steps you can take if you have a dispute with a supplier.
Any refunded payment that is returned is credited to your account in accordance 
with clause 7 (“When will we give refunds for payments you have authorised?”) 
of these Credit Card Terms.
Our fees, charges and interest
15. What are our interest rates, fees and charges?
Fees and charges that apply are set out in your credit card schedule. Also see 
clause 29 (“Collecting fees and charges”) of the Personal Banking Booklet.
You can contact us or check our website at www.hsbc.com.au under the relevant 
credit card for current interest rates, fees and charges.
We may also pass on to you our reasonable enforcement and recovery costs, for 
example, our reasonable legal fees, court fees, and the reasonable costs of our 
staff and representatives.

HSBC Credit Card Terms
16. How do we work out and charge interest?
Interest starts to apply to your credit card account balance daily, depending on 
the type of transaction. Your daily interest rate is calculated by dividing your 
annual interest rates applicable at the time by 365.
Types of transactions 
As you use your credit card, we’ll categorise your transactions as shown in the 
table below. We work out interest on each category separately, and then add 
the interest from all categories together. This forms the interest that you will be 
charged for that month on the payment due date, which will be shown in your 
statement. Interest starts to apply for each category as follows:
What this includes We’ll start to work out 
interest on it from
Cash 
Advance 
where you withdraw cash from 
your credit card account 
the date of withdrawal
using your credit card to 
gamble (if we allow it)
the date you make the purchase
using our online banking 
service to transfer money from 
your credit card account to 
another account 
the date you make the transfer
any other transaction that is 
treated as a cash advance by the 
Visa or Mastercard schemes (as 
applicable) – we don’t control this 
the date of your transaction
cash advance fee
fees charged so we can give you 
the cash advance (e.g. ATM fees) 
the date we charge the fee to 
your credit card account
interest charged on your cash 
advance balance 
the day after interest on cash 
advances are charged to your 
credit card account
special promotions after the end 
of the special promotion period
the day after the end of the 
special promotion period
21

HSBC Credit Card Terms
What this includes We’ll start to work out 
interest on it from
Purchase purchases 
(doesn’t include gambling, 
which we treat as a cash 
advance if we allow it, 
special promotions and other 
promotions)
fees and charges 
(that aren’t included elsewhere)
you don’t have to pay interest 
if you have an interest free 
period and repay all you owe by 
the payment due date in your 
statement
OR
where you’ve lost your interest 
free period because you 
haven’t paid all you owe by 
the payment due date in your 
previous statement, interest will 
be charged from: 
• the day after the payment 
due date in your previous 
statement for purchases 
you made in the previous 
statement period; and
• the day you make a purchase 
in the current statement period 
OR
the day you make it, if you don’t 
have an interest free period. 
(In this section, ‘all you owe’ 
has a different meaning. See 
‘Important information about 
purchase interest free periods’ 
below)
interest charged on your 
purchase balance
the day after interest on 
purchases is charged to your 
credit card account
22

HSBC Credit Card Terms
What this includes We’ll start to work out 
interest on it from
Special 
Promotion
something we’ve agreed is 
a special promotion (such 
as where you apply for a 
credit card and make the first 
purchase on it at a merchant 
that offers the special 
promotion) or a balance transfer
the day after the day the special 
promotion ends, if your special 
promotion doesn’t have an 
interest rate during the special 
promotion period 
the day the special promotion 
starts, if your special promotion 
has an interest rate during the 
special promotion period
any special promotion interest 
charged during the special 
promotion period
the day after interest on your 
special promotion is charged to 
your credit card account
23

HSBC Credit Card Terms
24
How do we work out interest for cash advances during a statement 
period?
Each time you do a cash advance, interest is calculated on that cash advance 
from the date of the cash advance until it is repaid in full. Interest is worked out 
by applying the daily equivalent of the annual interest rate that applies to cash 
advances as applicable. 
The daily interest applicable to each day in a statement period will be added 
together on the last day of the statement period, charged to your account on 
the last day of the statement period, and will appear on your statement for that 
period.
How do we work out interest for each purchase during a statement period?
Each time you make a purchase with your credit card, interest will start to apply 
from the date described in the table above until the date on which the purchase is 
repaid in full.
 For example, if your annual interest rate for cash advances is 4% per 
annum, and you do a $100 cash advance on 5 January, then each day starting 
from the end of the day on the 5th, the daily equivalent of 4% p.a. will apply 
to that cash advance until it is repaid in full. The daily equivalent is calculated 
by dividing 4% by 365. Under this example, the interest applicable on 5 
January is:
$100 x (0.04/365) = $0.010959

HSBC Credit Card Terms
25
Important information about purchase interest free periods
1. If you have an ‘interest free period’ (e.g. up to 55 days’ interest free) on 
purchases (these purchases don’t include special promotions or other 
promotions), the interest free period starts on the first day of your statement 
period, and not on the day on which you made the purchase. It ends on 
your payment due date for that statement period. 
2. If you don’t pay all you owe by the payment due date, you will lose your 
interest free period for the next statement period: 
For example, if you don’t pay all you owe in relation to a statement period 
(month 1) by the payment due date, all purchases you make in the next 
statement period (month 2) will attract interest from the end of the day of the 
purchase date. 
3. If you have lost your interest free period, you can get it back by paying all 
you owe on the payment due date.
‘All you owe’ in this clause 16 only
In this clause 16 only, when it comes to paying ‘all you owe’, we won’t 
include special promotions during a special promotion period.
This means you’ll keep your interest free period on purchases (that aren’t 
special promotions in their special promotion period) if you don’t pay the 
full balance of any special promotions or other promotions you have.
Your purchase will appear on your statement for the statement period. If you 
don’t repay the purchase balance in full by the payment due date, interest on that 
purchase will start to apply to any unpaid part of the purchase the next day and 
continue until you pay off that purchase. 
For example, if you make a $100 purchase on 5 January, your statement period 
starts on the 1st of each month, and an up to 55-day interest free period applies 
to purchases, the following could happen:

HSBC Credit Card Terms
If you pay all 
you owe by the 
payment due 
date and have 
an interest free 
period:
If you only pay 
your minimum 
payment by the 
payment due 
date:
If you do not 
pay all you owe 
by the payment 
due date:
If you’ve lost 
your interest 
free period or 
don’t have an 
interest free 
period:
You repay the 
$100 in full and no 
interest applies to 
the purchase.
You keep your 
interest free 
period for 
the February 
statement period.
Assume you only 
end up repaying 
$30 of the 
purchase. 
From the day 
after the payment 
due date, you 
will be charged 
interest on the 
remaining $70 
at the applicable 
purchase rate until 
the $70, and any 
interest, is repaid 
in full. 
You will lose 
your interest 
free period for 
the February 
statement period.
From the day after 
the payment due 
date, you will be 
charged interest 
on the balance 
owing until you 
have paid this in 
full, inclusive of 
any interest that 
we charge. 
You may also be 
charged a late 
payment fee, 
which will also 
attract interest 
from the day we 
charge this fee.
You will lose 
your interest 
free period for 
the February 
statement period.
Interest applies 
on your purchase 
balance from the 
first day of the 
next statement 
period where 
you’ve lost your 
interest free 
period. 
Interest applies 
on purchases 
from the date of 
purchase where 
you don’t have 
an interest free 
period.
26

HSBC Credit Card Terms
How do we work out interest on special promotions? 
We work out interest on special promotions as follows: 
If you’ve taken out a 
special promotion:
Then from the day you 
take out the special 
promotion until the 
end of the last day of 
the special promotion 
period:
Then from the day 
after the last day of 
the special promotion 
period:
That has a special 
promotion rate of 
0% p.a.
Interest may not apply 
on the special promotion, 
depending upon the 
special promotion offer.
The cash advance rate 
will apply on the unpaid 
balance of the special 
promotion because you 
haven’t paid it off by the 
end of the last day of the 
special promotion period.
That has a special 
promotion rate of more 
than 0% p.a.
Interest at the special 
promotion rate contained 
in the special promotion 
offer will apply.
You should pay off the unpaid balance of your special promotion by 
the last day of the special promotion period, so you don’t get charged 
higher interest after that date. 
HSBC Credit Card Repayment Protection Insurance
This clause only applies if you are an existing customer with this 
product. We do not offer this product to new customers.
17. Credit Card Repayment Protection Insurance 
This insurance is provided by a third party: AIA Australia Limited. You must 
contact them directly if you have a claim. 
We will add your insurance premium to your credit card account. 
27

HSBC Credit Card Terms
We will place a temporary block on your credit card until the end of the claim 
period if AIA Australia Limited tell us your claim has been approved. During this 
period, you won’t be able to use your credit card, and all payments made using 
your credit card will be stopped. You will need to make alternative arrangements 
for your payments – we are not responsible for this. Interest will continue to apply 
in accordance with clause 16 (“How do we work out and charge interest?”) of 
these Credit Card Terms.
Changes to your agreement
18. Can we change your credit card?
Yes. Your credit card is our property. We can do any of the following:
• provide you with a replacement or substitute credit card if we rebrand your 
credit card product;
• offer you with a replacement or substitute credit card after reviewing your 
personal circumstances, if your relationship with us changes or in accordance 
with any applicable laws;
• change the credit card scheme; and
• keep hold of your credit card where it is reasonably necessary to do so to 
protect you or us.
We’ll tell you about the features of the credit card when we send you the 
replacement. We will also replace your credit card when it is due to expire.
19. What changes can we make?
Changes to terms that are personal to you
If we change our view of your ability to repay us because of information we get 
from credit reporting bodies or the way you manage the account (for example, 
because you often pay us or other lenders late), we may change (unless we are 
aware that you’re at risk of financial difficulties) or waive the rates that apply 
to you. We may also reduce your credit limit. Any changes or waivers will only 
apply for the specific period we have communicated to you. The terms under this 
agreement will still apply unless we agree otherwise. 
28

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Changes to rate, charges and other terms for particular reasons
We may change interest rates, fees and charges, and other terms of this 
agreement. The reasons for making changes, the notice period we will give you 
before a change and how we will tell you are outlined in the section “Changes to 
your agreement” of the Personal Banking Booklet.
20. When are you in default and what are the consequences?
Events of default
You’ll be in default under this agreement while any of the following things occur 
or continue to occur:
• You haven’t made a required payment under this agreement. 
• We reasonably believe you have fraudulently entered into this agreement.
• You are insolvent, are unable to meet debts as they fall due, go into voluntary 
administration, are subject to another insolvency process or arrangement, or no 
longer have legal capacity.
• Another lender takes legal action against you or your assets, and we’re required 
to take action to protect our legitimate business interests.
• We have a reasonable belief that you haven’t complied with the law or a 
government requirement which potentially materially affects us.
• It becomes unlawful for you or us to continue under this agreement. 
• You use the credit card for a purpose materially different from what we’ve 
approved.
• You give us information or make a representation or warranty to us which is 
materially incorrect or misleading, including where you’ve omitted to tell us 
something, and we’ve relied on this to our detriment.
• There’s a material change to your financial situation which we reasonably 
believe will affect your ability to meet your obligations under this agreement, 
such as your death, incapacity, insolvency, or enforcement action by a creditor.
Consequences of default 
We will generally write to you to tell you that you’re in default under this 
agreement, what you need to do to fix it and what will happen if you don’t fix it 
within 30 days.
29

HSBC Credit Card Terms
If after 30 days from the date of the notice you have not fixed the default, we can 
do any of the following:
• Acting reasonably, block a transaction or suspend your credit card account.
• Require you to pay all you owe immediately and on demand. 
• Take any action available to us at law, including ending this agreement.
• Stop any further lending.
• Take money in any one or more of your accounts to pay us what we’re owed, 
as permitted under clause 38 (“Combining accounts and setting-off”) of the 
Personal Banking Booklet. 
• Charge you any late payment fees and incur and pass on reasonable 
enforcement expenses.
However, we don’t have to give you any notice or wait for the expiry of a notice 
period if:
• we reasonably believe that we were induced by fraud by you to enter into this 
agreement;
• we have failed, after making reasonable attempts, to locate you; or
• a court authorises us to begin enforcement proceedings.
Materiality
Except where you’ve missed a payment, we’ll only act on the above events of 
default if it’s material, or we reasonably consider the event has had, or is likely to 
have, a material impact on your ability to meet your financial obligations to us, 
our credit risk, or in some cases, our legal or reputational risk.
21. When can we suspend or cancel your credit card account or not 
process a transaction?
We may suspend your credit card account (including your use of any payment 
device) or not process a transaction for the reasons and with the consequences 
set out in clause 10 (“When we will and won’t act”) and clause 16 (“Blocking 
payments, payment devices, services and accounts and temporary transaction 
limits”) of the Personal Banking Booklet. We may also block a transaction or 
suspend your credit card account in the circumstances set out in clause 20 (“When 
are you in default and what are the consequences?”) of these Credit Card Terms.
30

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Acting reasonably, we may cancel your credit card account for any of the reasons 
set out in clause 46 (“How can we close your account or end this agreement?”) of 
the Personal Banking Booklet. If we cancel your credit card account this agreement 
will end (see below for what happens when this occurs).
If we have to cancel your credit card account, we will tell you (where we are 
allowed to) in accordance with clause 40 (“How do we communicate?”) of the 
Personal Banking Booklet.
If we cancel your credit card account because it is otherwise reasonably 
necessary to protect our legitimate interests, we will give you 30 days 
notice. In all other cases, we’ll try to tell you in advance, but this may not 
always be possible in which case we will tell you as soon as practicable 
afterwards (if we’re allowed to).
22. When will this agreement end and what are the consequences? 
How we end the agreement
We can end this agreement for any of the reasons in clause 46 (“How can we 
close your account or end this agreement?”) of the Personal Banking Booklet 
(including if we cancel your credit card account).
How you end the agreement
You can give us notice that you want to close your credit card account (through 
your online banking service, by calling us or visiting a branch) and pay us the total 
of all you owe. You do not need to give us any reasons.
This agreement will only end after you have paid all you owe in accordance with 
this agreement. This means that even where you have told us you want to close 
your account you must continue making any repayments and we will continue 
to charge you interest, fees and charges in accordance with this agreement until 
you have repaid all you owe.
Consequences of ending this agreement
If this agreement is ended then you and any additional cardholders must stop 
using the credit card account and if we provide any features or benefits with your 
credit card, they’ll also end. However, you must continue making any repayments 
and we will continue to charge you interest, fees and charges in accordance with 
this agreement until you have repaid all you owe.
31

HSBC Credit Card Terms
You should cancel any payment instructions you have on the credit card account 
and notify any relevant retailers. Until you do, you’ll be liable for any payments, 
fees and charges incurred using your credit card.
23. What you tell us by entering into this agreement
By entering into this agreement you’re telling us the following statements of fact at 
the following times:
You tell us the following: And you tell us those 
things at the following 
times:
Before you 
enter the 
agreement 
Throughout 
the 
agreement
That all information you’ve given us is true 
and complete and isn’t materially misleading – 
information could be materially misleading as a 
result of something you haven’t told us, or as a 
result of another action you’ve taken.
3 3
You have notified us in a reasonable time of any 
threatened, pending or actual litigation or anything 
else we reasonably require notice of.
3 3
 
24. How do we communicate with each other?
We will communicate with you in accordance with clause 40 (“How do we 
communicate?”) of the Personal Banking Booklet. See also clause 22 (“Statements 
and other information we’ll give you”) of the Personal Banking Booklet which 
contains information on how we’ll send you statements. We will only give you, the 
primary card holder, statements. Statements are sent monthly, and you can check 
your transactions any time online and through your mobile device. 
If you are experiencing hardship
You should contact us as soon as possible if you are experiencing financial 
difficulty. The sooner you contact us, the sooner we can help. If your credit is 
regulated under the National Credit Code, you have a right to apply for hardship 
relief. For more information about financial hardship, please see 
hsbc.com.au/help/money-worries. 
32

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Part C: Important Information about your Credit Card 
25. Using and cancelling your credit card account
Credit Cards
Using a credit 
card 
Use your credit card for: 
 3 cash advances
 3 purchases 
You can also use your credit card by tapping it at a 
payment terminal. You may have to enter your PIN if the 
transaction is above a certain amount. 
You’re not allowed to use your credit card to purchase 
anything illegal or for business purposes (or allow anyone 
else to do so) or go over your credit limit, unless we allow 
you to.
33

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Credit Cards
Digital Wallets You can add your credit card onto a digital wallet (such as 
Apple Pay or Google Pay™) and use it pay for goods and 
services.
Once a credit card is added to a digital wallet, the cardholder 
can authorise transactions on the card account. This is done 
by using the digital wallet in place of the credit card. Some 
contactless payment terminals may require you to enter your 
card PIN for transactions over a certain amount and where 
the payment terminal does not recognise authorisation by 
means of biometric data or the mobile passcode.
If a credit card is used through a digital wallet, the same 
terms apply as if the credit card was used as a card without 
the digital wallet.
We do not provide services related to the digital wallet, these 
are done so by other providers (such as Apple and Google). 
Our obligation to you in relation to a digital wallet is limited 
to securely providing information to other providers (such 
as Apple or Google) in order to allow you to use your credit 
card through a digital wallet on a mobile device. You should 
always read the terms and privacy policy of a digital wallet 
provider, and make sure they are credible. 
Credit card 
limits
You must use your credit card within your credit card limit. 
If we agree to a temporary credit limit increase, you must 
pay your account back as soon as possible and you may be 
charged a fee if you’ve agreed to it. 
You can use online banking to put daily limits on what you 
can spend on your credit card, as well as remove these. 
Other banks and merchants may apply their own restrictions 
and limits on transactions. We’re not responsible for goods 
or services you obtain by using a credit card.
Reducing your 
credit limit or 
cancelling your 
card
See clauses 4 (“How can your credit limit be changed?”), 5 
(“Who can use the credit card account and how?”) and 21 
(“When can we suspend or cancel your credit card account or 
not process a transaction?”) of these Credit Card Terms.
34

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Credit Cards
If you use your credit card:
To make a 
purchase 
To make a payment by 
giving the person you’re 
paying your credit card 
number and expiry date
For a cash advance
We’ll charge 
this amount 
immediately to 
your credit card 
account.
That person is entitled to ask 
us to pay them from your 
credit card account, and 
we’ll charge this amount 
immediately to your credit 
card account when they do 
this. 
We’ll charge this amount to 
your credit card account.
International 
transactions and 
transactions in 
foreign currency
If you use your credit card for a purchase in a currency other 
than Australian Dollars, it will be converted into Australian 
Dollars on the day the card payment scheme processes it 
using their scheme exchange rate - see clause 10 (“Can you 
make an international transaction?”) of these Credit Card 
Terms. 
We also apply fees to these purchases and also charge 
you if you use your card overseas (including purchases 
processed by the card provider or billed by the merchant 
overseas). 
You can find our fees and charges in your credit card 
schedule.
If you make international payments, for example from an 
online merchant showing the price in Australian dollars, your 
purchase will generally be converted into Australian dollars 
by the credit card scheme at the applicable exchange rate, 
and their currency conversion fees will apply. We may also 
charge an overseas transaction fee, which is set out in your 
credit card schedule. Please:
35

HSBC Credit Card Terms
Credit Cards
• carefully check the location of online sellers before you 
agree to buy online; and
• don’t assume that because they show an Australian dollar 
price, they are located in Australia; and 
• use tools such as the exchange rate calculators, which 
are set out in clause 10 (“Can you make an international 
transaction?”) of these Credit Card Terms.
26. What must you do to keep your details safe?
Please carefully read the security guidelines contained in the section “Security” of 
the Personal Banking Booklet. You must keep your payment device and the security 
details you use to access your account safe and tell us immediately if:
• any of your payment devices or security details are lost, stolen, or misused, or 
your security details may have become known to someone else; or
• there’s an unauthorised transaction on your account.
Please see clause 24 (“How do we communicate with each other?”) of these Credit 
Card Terms if any cards or devices are lost, misused or otherwise compromised.
27. Can you claim chargebacks?
We can’t always claim a chargeback e.g. if your dispute relates to a special 
promotion. In those cases, you may need to contact the retailer directly. For further 
information on chargebacks, please see the clause 7 (“Incorrect, unauthorised and 
mistaken internet payments”) of the Personal Banking Booklet.
28. How do we deal with complaints, disputed transactions and 
investigations? 
Refer to clauses 7 (“Incorrect, unauthorised and mistaken internet payments”) 
and 55 (“Complaints and investigations”) of the Personal Banking Booklet for 
information on how we deal with complaints, disputes and investigations, including 
complaints and disputed transactions under the ePayments Code, mistaken internet 
payments and chargebacks.
36

37
HSBC Credit Card Terms
Part D: National Credit Code Information Statement
IMPORTANT: If you have a credit card, home loan or personal loan that is 
regulated under the National Credit Code, we are required to provide you with 
the following information statement. This information is for your benefit, and you 
should ensure you take the time to read it.
Form 5 – Information statement
• paragraph 16(1)(b) of the Code
• regulation 70 of the Regulations
Things you should know about your proposed credit contract
This statement tells you about some of the rights and obligations of yourself and 
your credit provider. It does not state the terms and conditions of your contract.
If you have any concerns about your contract, contact the credit provider and, if 
you still have concerns, the AFCA scheme, or get legal advice.
The contract 
1. How can I get details of my proposed credit contract?
Your credit provider must give you a pre-contractual statement containing certain 
information about your contract. The pre-contractual statement, and this document, 
must be given to you before:
• your contract is entered into; or
• you make an offer to enter into the contract; whichever happens first.
2. How can I get a copy of the final contract?
If the contract document is to be signed by you and returned to your credit 
provider, you must be given a copy to keep. Also, the credit provider must give 
you a copy of the final contract within 14 days after it is made. This rule does not, 
however, apply if the credit provider has previously given you a copy of the contract 
document to keep.

38
HSBC Credit Card Terms
If you want another copy of your contract, write to your credit provider and ask 
for one. Your credit provider may charge you a fee. Your credit provider has to 
give you a copy:
• within 14 days of your written request if the original contract came into 
existence 1 year or less before your request; or
• otherwise within 30 days of your written request.
3. Can I terminate the contract?
Yes. You can terminate the contract by writing to the credit provider so long as:
• you have not obtained any credit under the contract; or
• a card or other means of obtaining credit given to you by your credit provider 
has not been used to acquire goods or services for which credit is to be provided 
under the contract.
However, you will still have to pay any fees or charges incurred before you 
terminated the contract.
4. Can I pay my credit contract out early?
Yes. Pay your credit provider the amount required to pay out your credit contract on 
the day you wish to end your contract.
5. How can I find out the pay out figure?
You can write to your credit provider at any time and ask for a statement of the 
payout figure as at any date you specify. You can also ask for details of how the 
amount is made up.
Your credit provider must give you the statement within 7 days after you give your 
request to the credit provider. You may be charged a fee for the statement. 
6. Will I pay less interest if I pay out my contract early?
Yes. The interest you can be charged depends on the actual time money is owing. 
However, you may have to pay an early termination charge (if your contract permits 
your credit provider to charge one) and other fees.

39
HSBC Credit Card Terms
7. Can my contract be changed by my credit card provider?
Yes, but only if your contract says so. 
8. Will I be told in advance if my credit provider is going to make a 
change in the contract?
That depends on the type of change. For example:
• you get at least same day notice for a change to an annual percentage rate. 
That notice may be a written notice to you or a notice published by your credit 
provider.
• you get 20 days advance written notice for: 
 - a change in the way in which interest is calculated; or
 - a change in credit fees and charges; or
 - any other changes by your credit provider;
except where the change reduces what you have to pay or the change happens 
automatically under the contract.
9. Is there anything I can do if I think that my contract is unjust?
Yes. You should first talk to your credit provider. Discuss the matter and see if you 
can come to some arrangement.
If that is not successful, you may contact the AFCA scheme. The AFCA scheme is a 
free service established to provide you with an independent mechanism to resolve 
specific complaints. The AFCA scheme can be contacted at 1800 931 678, info@
afca.org.au, www.afca.org.au or GPO Box 3 MELBOURNE VIC 3001.
Alternatively, you can go to court. You may wish to get legal advice, for example 
from your community legal centre or Legal Aid.
You can also contact ASIC, the regulator, for information on 1300 300 630 or 
through ASIC’s website at www.asic.gov.au.

40
HSBC Credit Card Terms
General
10. What do I do if I cannot make a repayment?
Get in touch with your credit provider immediately. Discuss the matter and see if 
you can come to some arrangement. You can ask your credit provider to change 
your contract in a number of ways:
• to extend the term of your contract and reduce payments; or
• to extend the term of your contract and delay payments for a set time; or
• to delay payments for a set time.
11. What if my credit provider and I cannot agree on a suitable 
arrangement?
If the credit provider refuses your request to change the repayments, you can ask 
the credit provider to review this decision if you think it is wrong.
If the credit provider still refuses your request, you can complain to the AFCA 
scheme. Further details about this scheme are set out below in question 13.
12. Can my credit provider take action against me?
Yes, if you are in default under your contract. But the law says that you cannot be 
unduly harassed or threatened for repayments. If you think you are being unduly 
harassed or threatened, contact the AFCA scheme or ASIC, or get legal advice.
13. Do I have any other rights and obligations?
Yes. The law will give you other rights and obligations. You should also read your 
contract carefully.
If you have any complaints about your credit contract, or want more information, 
contact your credit provider. You must attempt to resolve your complaint with your 
credit provider before contacting the AFCA Scheme. If you have a complaint which 
remains unresolved after speaking to your credit provider, you can contact the 
AFCA Scheme or get legal advice.
The AFCA Scheme is a free service established to provide you with an independent 
mechanism to resolve specific complaints. The AFCA Scheme can be contacted:

41
HSBC Credit Card Terms
• By phone on 1800 931 678; or
• Website at afca.org.au or
• By email at info@afca.org.au; or
• By mailing to GPO Box 3 Melbourne VIC 3001
Please keep this information statement. You may want some information from it at 
a later date.

Issued by
HSBC Bank Australia Limited
ABN 48 006 434 162
AFSL/Australian Credit Licence 232595
GPO Box 5302 Sydney NSW 2001
T: 132 152
W: hsbc.com.au
HBAAVCC016-R07-0225